The vaccine is also unlikely to reach and cross the placenta, according to Dr Christian Pettker, a high-risk pregnancy specialist at Yale Medicine and professor of obstetrics, gynecology, and reproductive sciences at Yale School of Medicine.
Worldwide each year, an estimated 50 million people develop amebic colitis or extraintestinal disease, and as many as 100, 000 die.
However, a permanent pacemaker may be required if AV block persists or develops during the chronic dilated phase.
Hypohidrosis is a feature of some genetic conditions (eg, hypohidrotic and anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia).
It also lowers colonic pH, decreasing fecal ammonia production.
This result was significant in providing premise for large - scale application in the lactic fermentation of scallion heads as a traditional food product in Vietnam.
The difference in the rate of contraceptive use was statistically significant (χ2 = 37.6, p = 0.000).
According to Trafton.
Conclusions: Alpha-LP was significantly decreased and preBeta-LP was significantly elevated in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Outcomes of primary pterygium excision with amniotic membrane transplantation.
Quality and microbiological contamination of "nutritious porridge" in hochiminh city market in 2009
The left ventricular diameter was not statistically different in the two groups (51.01 ± 9.72 mm vs 52.45 ± 12.21 mm), p>0.05.
Quantitative variables are expressed as mean (X) and standard deviation (SD), median; Qualitative variables are expressed as percentages.
However, meningitis may be more rapid in onset and can be fulminant, making bacterial meningitis one of the few disorders in which a previously healthy young person may go to sleep with mild symptoms and never awaken.
When drainage has stopped, the drain can be pulled back a little each day and subsequently removed.
Subacute cerebellar degeneration causes progressive bilateral leg and arm ataxia, dysarthria, and sometimes vertigo and diplopia.
Frequent clinical symptoms such as daytime sleepiness 77.8%, awakening 94.4% and respiratory pauses 100%.
Fever is usually present.
In particular, VGR group had the highest rate of dyslipidemia.
- The farmer, who do other jobs ratio, intensity higher fluke infection Personnel officer - Retirement and students.
Table Table All patients receive analgesics (eg, acetaminophen, ibuprofen).
In patients with unmasked IRIS, the newly identified opportunistic infection is treated with antimicrobial drugs.
All patients underwent general anesthesia using double-lumen intubation. Results: For therapeutic purposes, in twenty two patients, there was one patient have to change of procedure to thoracotomy.
Clinical parameters were recorded including tongue coating index, tongue discoloration index, gingival index, plaque index and non-stimulated saliva flow rate.
In order to get a general view of the development of overweight and obesity status of people in Ho Chi Minh City, cross sectional surveys in the large and small scales were conducted to determine the overweight and obesity prevalence in Ho Chi Minh City from 1996 to 2001 to identify related factors to this problem.
Prevention of oropouche fever involves avoiding midge bites.
Patients can safely begin sitting up once they are fully conscious and neurologic deficits are no longer progressing, usually ≤ 48 hours after the stroke.
Compared with MRI and CT, the accuracy were 80.3% and 80.0%, respectively.
Treatment is primarily supportive, but membrane-stabilizing drugs may be of benefit.
Mechanism of causing hepato cellular carcinoma due to HCV infection Chronic HCV infection causes hepato cellular carcinoma mainly by direct way.
Symptoms of hepatosplenomegaly was constant expression in all cases patients.
Assessment on the progress of Vietnamese ophthalmology
However, it is necessary to improve self-efficacy in communication and handing over between nurses on duty, nurses, and family members / visitors of patients.
Minimal decompression in surgical treatment of thoracolumbar burst fractures
Conclusion: First-line treatment with TKIs on stage IIIb - IV mutated EGRF non-small cell lung cancer has good response rate and well tolerable toxicity.
Knowledge, attitude, pratice about heat wave prevented ability of people in the community
Myocardial infarction in the absence of coronary artery disease (MINOCA) Myocardial infarction in the absence of obstructive coronary artery disease (MINOCA) is found in about 5 to 6% of patients with acute MI who undergo coronary angiography (2).
The study results show that brain stamping at the affected place accounted for the highest percentage (76.5%), followed by fracture of skull (38.8%), opposing brain stamping on the opposite side (18.4%), cerebral suppression due to hernia (10.2%), cerebral suppression due to sudden increase and decrease in speed (4.1%), intermediate cerebral suppression (3.1%), and combined intracranial lesions accounted for 56.3%.
88% eyes had BCVA equal or gained at least 1 line postop.
Accelerated mental activity is experienced as racing thoughts by patients and is observed as flights of ideas by the physician.
They should seek medical attention promptly if weight gain persists.
In a recent study, clinicians who, at the time of order entry, were presented with appropriateness criteria for imaging studies promulgated by the American College of Radiology (ACR) ordered fewer low utility MRI, CT, nuclear medicine, PET, and ultrasound studies.
Complications after pneumococcal meningitis occur in up to 50% of patients (1) and may include Hearing loss Seizures Intellectual disabilities Behavioral disabilities Motor deficits Pneumococcal endocarditis Acute bacterial endocarditis may result from pneumococcal bacteremia, even in patients without valvular heart disease, but pneumococcal endocarditis is rare.
Several factors related to lead contamination in children 3.2.1.
Keywords: New lung tuberculosis, An Lao, Hai Phong.
Modern CT scanners and revised imaging protocols have dramatically lowered radiation exposure from CT Also, newer, investigational methods are evaluating the use of even much lower radiation doses for certain CT scans and certain indications; in some cases, these doses would be comparable to the radiation delivered by x-rays.
Keywords: cyclic vomiting syndrome, health-related quality of life
Recorded all the variables in epidemiology, clinical variables, variables related to treatment outcome, variables related complications after 1 week, 1 month, 3 months, 6 months.
Subjects and Methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study was performed on 98 healthy subjects (control group) and 103 patients with type 2 diabetes at the first diagnosis, without any treatment (patient group).
Introduction: Sacrococcygeal teratoma (SCT) are the most common neoplasms in fetus and newborns.
In spinal cord injury without evidence of radiologic abnormality, the patient has neurologic findings suggestive of spinal cord injury (eg, paresthesias, weakness) but normal anatomic alignment, and no bone abnormalities are seen on imaging studies (plain x-rays, CT, and / or MRI).
Evaluate the effectiveness of knee rehabilitation in the postoperation treatment of distal end of the femur fractures with the support of continuous pasive motion (cpm) machine
Treatment for all spina bifida requires a united effort by specialists from several disciplines; neurosurgical, urologic, orthopedic, pediatric, psychiatric / psychologic, and social service evaluations are important.
Cheyne-Stokes respiration (periodic breathing) is a cyclic fluctuation of respiratory rate and depth.
Chemotherapy combined rituximab were performed in all patients (100%), but 35.9% patients with stage I-II received radiotherapy after chemotherapy.
Obesity has also been found to be associated with severe disease in COVID-19.
Intimal injury, ectasia, and ulceration may lead to thrombosis, embolism, or complete arterial occlusion.
Children with mild ARDS accounts for 63%, moderate ARDS 24%, severe ARDS 13%.
Objective: We conducted this study with the aim was to find out the prevalence of positive microalbumin urine in the diabetic patients in Saint Paul Hospital, Hanoi, Vietnam.
Conclusions: The primary repair of flexion tendon at Zone V with Adelaide technique permited the patients rehabilitate early and quickly recover after intervention even when there were combined injuries of nerve and arteries.
Vietnam is well posed to implement public health programs to improve maternal and child nutrition and, thereby, reduce the prevalence of stunting.
Activities should be enjoyable, provide some stimulation, but not involve too many choices or challenges.
In particular, the group weighing less than 1700g: at 28 - 32 weeks' gestation, 29 (80.6%) children tachypnea, and at 33 - 36 weeks gestational age 6 (46.2%).
They probably share similar mechanisms, although these are not well characterized.
The overall semen improvement rate (improvement index, >0.5) was 70%.
+ Poor prognostic factors through univariate analysis: tumor location in the soles of the feet, increased disease stage, increased Breslow tumor thickness, tumor histopathology was apical and localized moles, the number of regional lymph node metastases increased, the degree of Clark invasion increased, microscopic tumor ulceration, tumor mitotic rate increased, tumor had an upright growth stage, non-tumor infiltrating lymphocytes, tumor vascular infiltration and satellite nuclei around the tumor.
Early results of prostatic artery embolization in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia
Method: A prospective case series study of 31 patients (from 2010 - 2014 in HTO hospital HCM City) underwent dynamic condylar screw (DCS) fixation for A3 trochanteric fracture after 11 months of minimum follow up, to evaluate the bone healing with X ray and to evaluate the major postoperative complications associated with the treatment.
End points of research were: patients' demography, means of tumor staging, indications, techniques and complications of surgery.
Sugammadex can reverse rocuronium-induced deep NMB rapidly.
4 patients died of local recurrence including 2 patients with tumour-positive margin.
This study is aimed to evaluate the cytotoxic effect of Ethanol extract of Ficus pumila on MCF7 breast cancer cells.
Injury to the intramural vessels with interstitial leakage in shock bowel.
Aims: To assess the degree of liver fibrosis in the chronic hepatitis patients in comparison with liver biopsy performed at the same time.
Evaluating the change of entropy in propofol Target Controlled Infusion (TCI) anesthesia
Each new privilege requires close monitoring by parents to make sure adolescents comply with the agreed-upon rules.
TAE was indicated because there were contrast extravasationon abdominal MSCT.
Almost patient subside fever before 10th day of disease, skin lesion healed on 12th day of disease. Mean hospital stay was16 days, 80% of patients needed enteral nutrition by nasogastric tube.
Bile salts circulate through this pathway from liver to gut to liver—the enterohepatic circulation—10 to 12 times / day.
Also, on the buccal side only, reflect the small triangular papilla of gingiva between the tooth to be removed and the tooth / teeth directly adjacent.
Drowning in children at national hospitas of pediatrics
Periorbital purpura or a purpuric rash that develops in a nonthrombocytopenic patient after gentle stroking of the skin suggests amyloidosis.
Clinical and image characteristics recorded.
Risk of stillbirth and shoulder dystocia increases near term.
14.3% of food handlers did not receive the training on food hygiene and safety.
Immunohistochemistry is very helpful in the diagnosis of the orbital lymphoid tumors.
In the colistin group, 7 patients (63.6%) had a favorable clinical response and 36.4% had a microbiological response.
The risk of people with underlying medical conditions developing osteoporosis is 2.37 times higher than those without underlying disease (95% CI: 1.8 - 3.1).
There have been no published local studies on chemical synthesis of impurity F and 46THQ so far.
Treatment with Modern medicine: 72.0% Antiresorptive medication (calcitonin 67.6%; bisphosphonates 5.4%); 48.6% vitamin and mineral supplements medication (calcium and vitamin D combination 27.9%, calcium or vitamin D 10.8%).
Proper location is confirmed by return of air or fluid in the anesthetic syringe when entering the pleural space.
Result: Both STAT1 and STAT3 proteins were expressed in HCC cells, and when STAT1 levels decreased, there was strongly phosphorylation of STAT3 Tyr 705 (pSTAT3 Tyr705) after 2 h of IFN - exposure but not long. When STAT3 levels decreased, IL-6 induced prolonged STAT1 signaling and interplay of STAT1 and STAT3 signaling in the presence of proinflammatory IL-6.
2.2.3.Clinical scoliosis research criteria.
Drugs used to disable (eg, scopolamine, benzodiazepines, gamma-hydroxybutyrate) tend to have sedative or amnestic properties or both.
The antimicrobial resistance pattern of strains belonging to the same PFGE genotype cluster were not completely the same
In the AF group, there is 6.8% patients had under-optimal immediate outcomes compared of 3.4% in the SR group (p=0.05).
Conclusion: Erythrocytosis, a benign phenomenon occurring mostly in male patients, is usually encountered within 1 - 2 years of post-renal transplant period and can be treated effectively and safely with ACEI and AT receptor antagonists.
In minor cases of root sensitivity, the exposed root may be desensitized by fluoride or potassium nitrate application or dentin-bonding agents.
Health care-associated pneumonia includes community based patients who have had recent contact with the health care system, such as those who reside in nursing homes or other long-term care facilities or visit dialysis centers and infusion centers.
Objective: To comment on patient - prosthesis mismatch (PPM) characteristics after aortic valve replacement for aortic stenosis and some related factors.
Duration of drinking from 10 - ≥ 15 years' accounts for the highest rate (44%).
Diagnosis of Decreased Ovarian Reserve Follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and estradiol levels for screening Antimüllerian hormone (AMH) level and / or antral follicle count (AFC) (See also Testing and interpreting measures of ovarian reserve: A committee opinion, from the Practice Committee of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine and the American Society for Reproductive Medicine.)
The alteration of A10398G in plasma exosome and in tissue correlated with each other (correlation coefficient 0.69; p = 0.009).
70% had good skills of basic life support at the district hospital.
Abnormal maternal glucose regulation occurs in 3 - 10% of pregnancies, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is defined as glucose intolerance of variable degree with onset or first recognition during pregnancy, accounts for 90% of cases of diabetes mellitus (DM) in pregnancy.
Chest x-ray shows bilateral, diffuse, peripherally distributed alveolar opacities with normal lung volumes; a peripheral distribution similar to chronic eosinophilic pneumonia may occur.
Each time 60 seconds has passed by; our body has lost 300, 000, 000 cells.
Methods: By autopsies of 2448 dogs in 18 provinces in South Vietnam were collected 370 roundworms from dog's stomach.
These remedies will be examined extensively on breast cancer model, and neuroblastoma.
The correlation between gpri, apri and arfi in assessing liver fibrosis in patients with chronic hepatitis b virus infection
Symptoms and examination findings may be nearly pathognomonic for multiple mononeuropathy.
Management of Adverse Effects of Cancer Therapy By Robert Peter Gale, MD, PhD, DSC (hc), Imperial College London Reviewed / Revised Aug 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Cytopenias Gastrointestinal Effects Pain Depression Tumor Lysis and Cytokine Release Syndromes Topic Resources Absolute Neutrophil Count Adverse effects are common in patients receiving any cancer therapy, particularly cytopenias, gastrointestinal effects, and tumor lysis and cytokine release syndromes.
The median serum PCT concentration of the gram-negative bacteria group (32.6ng / ml) was higher than that of the gram-positive group (p<0.05).
Botanical characteristics ofcalotropis gigantea and calotropis procera– apocynaceae family in vietnam
The mechanisms and relative importance of such immunologic enhancement are not well understood.
Good result of rehabilitation were 75%, 79.5% and 86.7%, respectively.
The rate of liver fibrosis response after 12 months of treatment in patients with pre-treatment ALT is greater than 2 times the normal value than the group of patients with pre-treatment ALT less than 2 times normal value (p < 0.05).
To evaluate the possibility to determine the presence of the free light chains (FLCs) in autoimmune encephalitis, the study utilize Western Blot to detect and semi-quantify the kappa and lamda free light chains in the cerebrospinal fluid and plasma of patients.
Keywords: PALBI score, acute variceal bleeding, cirrhosis.
The coronary arteries divide into large and medium-sized arteries that run along the heart's surface (epicardial coronary arteries) and subsequently send smaller arterioles into the myocardium.
Objectives: Survey audition on healthy people over 40 years old.
Result: 147 STEMI patients with high thrombus burden in coronary angiography divides into thrombus aspiration and PCI (n = 71) or conventional PCI (n=76).
Keywords: Trained midwives, proficiency of midwives.
The results of this study are nearly three times higher than those of Le Thi Tuyet Mai's study (2016) at Bach Mai Hospital, where the number of items of DD accounted for 22.1% of the total.
However, psychological interventions have not been applied much.
There was a significant difference in the recurrence rate with the finding of an internal fistula (p<0.05).
Indication and technique of transposition and straightening of the penis for correction of perineoscrotal hypospadias by two stage operation
Conclusion: Good control for hypertension and increasing lipaemia may prevent fundus lesions in hypertension.
Currently, no official guideline has been published regarding the management of pediatric necrotizing pneumonia, and the strategy of conservative medical treatment or surgical intervention still depends mainly on the experience of each center.
Therefore, the ARV treatment program should focus on counseling on adherence to treatment, especially in patients who are men, Thai ethnic people, and low-income subjects.
These symptoms lasted for 12 weeks or more, accounting for 6.9%, 12%, and 15.66%.
For the group hospitalized before 6 hours, H-FABP became detectable very soon in serum (less than one hour) and increased rapidly in most cases.
Effects of garlic / folate capsules in subjects aged 30 - 60 years old with abnormal blood lipids.
Results: The prevalence of anemia among first trimester pregnant women is 14.3%, of which 79.1% was mild anemia and 20.9% moderate anemia.
(See also Overview of Cardiac Valvular Disorders.)
Focal neurologic signs may help differentiate vascular cognitive impairment and dementia from other dementias.
In all cases, the postoperative facial symmetry improved.
Mycoplasma genitalium, which is also sexually transmitted, can also cause or contribute to PID.
Severe infection, particularly untreated herpes simplex virus (HSV) encephalitis, can cause brain hemorrhagic necrosis.
Objective: We surveyed patients underwent hip and knee arthroplasty at trauma and orthopedic department in Thong Nhat hospital.
Men having significantly higher triglyceride than women in hypertensive patients (p < 0.001) at the 40 - 49 aged group, but not in healthy subjects.
Data collected from a survey of 254 vegetable purchasers in Ho Chi Minh City was analyzed using the Seemingly Unrelated Negative Binomial Regression.
Keywords: combined spinal-epidural, levobupivacaine, fentanyl, uterine prolapse.
Advance the needle tip slightly into the mucosa.
For short-term prophylaxis (eg, before dental or airway procedures), consider C1 inhibitor, attenuated androgens (eg, stanozolol, danazol), or plasma products such as fresh frozen plasma.
Location and time - Location: The study was conducted at the Emergency room, Operating room, Recovery room, Intensive care room - Center of Anesthesia & Surgical Intensive Care, Vietnam Germany Hospital.
The prevalence of malnutrition is increasing in this population and is associated with a decline in functional status, impaired muscle function, decreased bone mass, immune dysfunction, changes in cytokine and hormonal level, and changes in fluid electrolyte regulation, delayed gastric emptying and diminished senses of smell and taste, anemia, and reduced cognitive function.
Evaluate the results of reconstruction of the nasal alar defect
Knowledge of mother about asthma in pediatric department Thai Nguyen national hospital 2018
Signs include Nasal polyps and engorged turbinates A high, narrow arched palate Enlargement of the tongue, tonsils, soft palate, lateral pharyngeal walls, or uvula A small or posteriorly displaced mandible (retrognathia) A modified Mallampati score of 3 or 4 (only the base or none of the uvula is visible during oral inspection—see figure Mallampati scoring) suggests increased risk of OSA.
The results showed that 90.7% of people directly processing food have a certificate on food safety knowledge; 94.8% of teachers and 94.4% of direct food processors had good knowledge on food safety; 57.6% of teachers had correct practices of food safety, of which 90.7% performed hand washing before distributing food for students and 94.7% asked students to wash their hands before and after eating; 48.6% of people directly processing food had food practices on food safety, in which 92.5% used gloves and 87.9% wore masks during food processing.
Adjust the position of the hand grip of that crutch so that the elbow is slightly flexed (about 15 to 30°).
If plasma glucose does not fall by 50 to 75 mg / dL (2.8 to 4.2 mmol / L) in the first hour, insulin doses should be doubled.
Tachyzoites, which are present during acute infection, take up Giemsa or Wright stain but may be difficult to find in routine tissue sections.
Evaluating side effects: - Noting side effects such as fatique, headache, anorexia,... - Urticaria, pruritus, petachie,... - Test result AST, ALT, ure, creatinin, HC, BC, TC before and 3 months after treatment.
Head elevation is inadvisable in patients with potential cervical spine injury and is difficult in people who are extremely obese (who must be placed in a ramped or head-elevated position beforehand).
Background: Chronic apical periodontitis is potential infection with poor symptoms that are easily overlooked.
Food consumption of children aged 1 to 5 in phuoc vinh ward, hue city by 24 hours food recording.
The head injury was caused by daily accidents in 16 cases (50.0%) and traffic accidents in 12 cases (37.5%).
Rothen [92] showed the PEEP level +30 cmH2O helped improve the collapsed alveolus in anesthesia, however, when repeating the times of mobilizing alveolus with the PEEP level +30 cmH2O showed that the rate of collapsed lungs did not reduce anymore.
Conclusion: SA was successfully immobilized on the functionalized MNPs.
Huynh Quyet Thang Educational institute: Hanoi Medical University The new conclusions of the trial: - Average duration of surgery is 135.5 minutes.
Keywords: Neurobalstoma, great vessel encasement, surgical resection.
127 cases were enrolled: 30 healthy persons in control group and 97 patients with AE of COPD, being treated at 103 Military Hospital from October 2015 to August 2017.
Keywords: kidney transplantation, non heart - beating donor
This study primarily aims to describe characteristics of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in type 2 diabetes patients.
Treatment of philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphocytic leukemia with Hyper-CVAD and imatinib mesylate
Keywords: Blood components, blood.
Study of morphology of the ethmoidal roof on sinus CT Scan to avoid damaging the ethmoidal roof during sinus surgery.
Objectives. To survey on the use of fondaparinux for treating acute coronary syndrome at Thong Nhat hospital.
Most small pneumothoraces resolve spontaneously, but larger and tension pneumothoraces require evacuation of the air in the pleural cavity.
The true story may not emerge until years have passed to see the cumulative fallout of COVID-19.
Giant cell tumor of trapezoid bone: A case report
On arteriographies (DSA), on CT or MSCT: 80% of AA is under the renal artery that in 12%, there are some extensions of aneurysmal sac above the left renal artery with the sac lay on the left side of the umbilicus in 58% and with a median diameter 55 mms.
Background: Recently, H Pylori eradication therapies have encountered many difficulties and a high rate of failure due to several reasons.
Most of low birth weigh were weight from 1500g to 2499g, there were 5 newborn babies from 1000g to 1499g, not newborn baby low 1000g.
Subjects with above chronic symptoms should measure ventilation function to detect COPD.
Sudden onset should trigger prompt evaluation.
Objective: Describing epidemiological characteristics, risk factors, clinical, laboratory characteristics, and serum procalcitonin in early - onset neonatal sepsis.
The lower limit of normal puberty may be 7 years for White girls and 6 years for Black girls.
The appropriateness of drug administration was assessed according to guideline for the management of candidiasis 2016 update by the Infectious Diseases Society of America.
In patients with HBV infection, the long-term use of first-line oral antivirals and peri-transplantation use of hepatitis B immune globulin (HBIG) has improved outcomes after liver transplantation.
Keywords: HepPar-1, Arginase-1, Glypican-3, cytokeratin 7, cytokeratin 19.
Also, IPAP must be set below esophageal opening pressure (20 cm H2O) to avoid gastric insufflation.
New methods of weanining from mechanical ventilation Automatic Tube Compensation Proportional Assist Ventilation Adaptive support ventilation Smartcare / PS Neurally Ajussted Ventilation Assist 1.2.
We conducted this topic to assess the effect of Listerine and Proginvex on the concentration of VSCs.
For trainers: organize one training course, divided into 3 groups, each training one week.
Other drugs Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, angiotensin II receptor blockers, ezetimibe, and proprotein convertase subtilisin / kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors have anti-inflammatory properties that reduce risk of atherosclerosis independent of their effects on blood pressure and lipid, and glucose levels.
Objective: To assess the effectiveness of treating genital lichen sclerosus by combining topical corticosteroids with tacrolimus.
If surgery to repair the vascular injury is not done within 8 hours, amputation rates are higher.
Legal and Ethical Concerns Health care practitioners should know local laws and institutional policy governing living wills, durable powers of attorney, physician-assisted suicide, and procedures for forgoing resuscitation and hospitalization.
Treatment of Polymyalgia Rheumatica Prednisone Prednisone started at 15 to 20 mg orally once a day results in dramatic improvement, often very rapid (in hours or days), and this response can help support the diagnosis.
Keywords: CNS Replapse ALL, CNS combined Relapse ALL
Conclusion: Contusion injury of external genital organs: medical therapy, penetrating wounds, rupture testicles, penis fracture: emergency surgery.
Equipment Nonsterile gloves Dental chair or straight chair with head support Gauze pads or thumb wraps to prevent biting of the operator's hands TMJ dislocations can typically be reduced without procedural sedation or local anesthetic injection of the TMJ, but such measures may be necessary for uncooperative patients or when dislocation has been present for more than a few hours.
The median value of preoperative pain intensity reported by patients on a visual analogue score was 8.76± 1.06 (range, 6 - 10).
Validity and reliability of neonatal infant pain scale during painful interventions in city children hospital
Objective: Assess the results of ESWL for kidney stones at Can Tho University Hospital.
As the result, the ELO of undergraduate education program for pharmacists constructed by University of Medicine and Pharmacy at HCMC, was suitable with the external stakeholder' needs.
Information exchange and aid coordination mechanism in the health sector at three provinces: Bac Giang, Bac Ninh and Ha Nam
The key to the operation is opening the osteomeatal complex, but it may include others procedures if the disease is extensive or having an anatomical variation.
Conclusions: Endoscopic metal stent placement for biliary obstruction is the interventive methods with high efficiency, long time and few complications.
Acute respiratory alkalosis causes light-headedness, confusion, peripheral and circumoral paresthesias, cramps, and syncope.
Case report: Treatment of multiple myeloma with myelodysplastic syndrome
These results showed that the 50% ethanol extract of Wedelia chinensis has the best ability to capture the free radicals of DPPH.
The first abnormality recognized may be a painless burn or cut.
DVT prophylaxis in selected populations For hip and other lower extremity orthopedic surgery, LMWH, fondaparinux, or adjusted-dose warfarin is recommended.
The 10 recommendations of this period should be widely promulgated, guided and delivered to the community so that the population will have a better knowledge in nutrition and will apply it in daily life, thus the nutrition and health status of the whole population will be improved.
Patients with AIDS All patients with AIDS require treatment.
Chronic therapy with beta-blockers upregulates beta-receptor density; thus, severe hypertension or tachycardia can result from abrupt withdrawal.
In 1994, Oberlin C suggested the technique of nerve transfer using one or more fascicles of the ulnar nerve to the biceps nerve (Oberlin I procedure), the result gained: 85% of cases recoverd elbow flexion achieved M3, M4, but still existing case scored less than M3 then need to revise by transfering tendon followed Steindler's technique.
The aim of this study was to review several epidemiologic, clinical and subclinical features, renal histological lesions, as well as to evaluate the correlation between those features and WHO classifications of lupus nephritis (LN) in patients managed and followed at the Department of Nephrology and Urology, 115 People's Hospital. Patients and Method: This was a "descriptive cross-sectional" study of patients from 02/2004 to 02/2007.Results: Of 40 LN studied, 87.5% were women.
Heavy infections with Hymenolepis nana can cause abdominal discomfort, diarrhea, and weight loss; members of the family Diphyllobothriidae can cause vitamin B12 deficiency and megaloblastic anemia.
Pathophysiology of Mitral Regurgitation Acute mitral regurgitation may cause acute pulmonary edema and cardiogenic shock or sudden cardiac death.
In a few patients, ischemic stroke and cerebral hemorrhage occur, sometimes resulting from hypertension.
Formula Feeding By Deborah M Consolini, MD, Thomas Jefferson University Hospital Reviewed / Revised Sep 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education The only acceptable alternative to breastfeeding during the first year is formula; water can cause hyponatremia, and whole cow's milk is not nutritionally complete.
Treatment of Scabies Topical permethrin, lindane, or spinosad Sometimes oral ivermectin Primary treatment is topical or oral scabicides (see table Treatment Options for Scabies).
Clinical and paraclinical characteristics of pancreatic head region cancers 1.1.1.
Serogroups B and C cause 50 to 80% of invasive disease (1).
Design: Cross-sectional descriptive study.
Results: The limits of detection were 18 μg / kg, 18 μg / kg, 20 μg / kg, 90 μg / kg, 90 μg / kg and 450 μg / kg for gentamycin C1, gentamycin C1a, gentamycin C2+C2a, streptomycin, dihydrostreptomycin and neomycin, respectively.
Decompressive craniectomy combined with hematoma evacuation for patients with supratentorial intracerebral hemorrhage
Evaluation of serum calcium, phosphorus and pth concentration in continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patient.
of fluconazole and clotrimazole were determined by the Disk diffusion method according to the guidline of CLSI M44-A.
Various fetal biophysical tests can ensure that the fetus is well oxygenated, including fetal heart rate testing, fetal movement assessment, ultrasonographic biophysical scoring, and fetal umbilical Doppler ultrasonographic studies.
The average survival time of postoperative was 14.3 ± 13.9 months.
Hospital-acquired pneumonia in patients after acute stroke and patients with sequelae of stroke
Patients & Methods: This is a case series study.
Methods: There were 18 organ transplant patients receiving blood components at Hue Central Hospital in 2018, including 15 kidney transplant patients and 03 heart transplant patients.
Mean tumor size 3 cm, stage IB1 48.9%, histopathology: squamous cell carcinoma 82, 3%.
Jugular venous distension is evaluated with the patient reclining at 45°.
Prevalence increases with age; almost 10% of people > 80 years are affected.
PT / INR, aPTT, Fibrinogen and Platelet 6h after antivenom administration was statistically more improved than PT / INR, aPTT, Fibrinogen and Platelet before antivenom administration (p < 0.01).
Secondary and traumatic pneumothoraces are generally treated with tube thoracostomy.
There was also the correlation between alcohol and recuring pancreatitis (r=0.33, p<0.01).
Alcohol use disorder can occur in anyone, regardless of their age, sex, background, ethnicity, or social situation.
Study pathology and immunohistochemistry stain of the cervical lymph node metastasis in nasopharyngeal carcinoma
Changes in lung function (percentage of predicted FEV1) in patients who quit smoking compared with those who continue During the first year, lung function improved in patients who quit smoking and declined in those who continued.
Application of geographical information system (GIS) online in malaria management in Lam Dong province
Keywords: Carvedilol related compound B, synthesis, reference material
The optimal foods for thyroid health depend on whether you have a condition that impairs your thyroid function.
There were no major complications such as dislocation; intraprosthesis dislocation, aseptic loosening, or revision at the latest follow-up.
CT showed another causes beyond appendicitis in 214 patients including inflammatory bowel (n = 92), diverticulitis (n = 76), pyelonephritis (n = 6), Twisted ovarian cyst (n = 5), Hemorrhage ovarian cyst (n = 6), Salinities (n = 17), Inflammation of mesentery lymph node (n = 17).
Traction is applied to the hand.
Results: The results of clinical trials proved: The preparation is discovered not to have toxic effects. The preparation doesn't exhibit any adverse side effects. The preparation lower total cholesterol (12.62%), LDL cholesterol (18.31%) and triglycerid (18.18%) on dyslipidemic patients after 6 weeks of treatment at the dose 6 hard capsules / day.
Results: The proportion of patients with pulmonary vascular resistance ≥ 2 Wood UI is 83, 90%.
Patients who do not respond to IVIG or who have severe disease may be offered plasma exchange, but because plasma exchange is invasive and has risks, it is best used as a way to de-escalate severe deterioration rather than as long-term maintenance treatment.
In the autosomal recessive porphyrias, only homozygous or compound heterozygous states cause disease.
Reseach of fungal nosocomical infections and risk factors in Intensive Care Unite at National Hospital of Paediatrics
Results of replacement of mitral valve at Hanoi medical university hospital
Some of their preferred foods are also Japanese skincare secrets.
Therapeutic Apheresis By Ravindra Sarode, MD, The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center Reviewed / Revised Feb 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Plasmapheresis Cytapheresis Apheresis refers to the process of separating the cellular and soluble components of blood using a machine.
Controlling target blood pressure will bring positive effects on reducing mortality rate and also disabilities caused by diseases related to hypertension.
Serum protein electrophoresis is normal in half of cases; often, there are increased alpha-2 and beta fractions or a decreased gamma fraction.
This study, 8 patients absent anatomic variations (3 sinusitis and 5 normal) and 66 patients present anatomic variations (57 sinusitis and 9 normal).
All the slaughterhouses carried out the slaughter operations on the floor.
Second-generation antihistamines are usually preferred except when sedative effects may be therapeutic (eg, for nighttime relief of allergic symptoms, for short-term treatment of insomnia in adults or nausea in younger patients).
Our results are consistent with other research results at home and abroad such as Pham Ngoc Hoa, Ho Ngoc Tu (2009), Waldt. S et al (2005).
Regarding the UBL learning method, 100% of students were interested in this learning method; 70.8% of students didn't have difficulty in testing UBL and 96.9% of students think that UBL can be applied to university training at University of Medicine and Pharmacy, Hue University.
Indications for Orotracheal Intubation Using Video Laryngoscopy Orotracheal intubation, with or without the assistance of video laryngoscopy, is indicated for patients with: Hypoxia or hypoventilation requiring assisted ventilation to maintain oxygenation and ventilation Apnea or impending respiratory arrest (initial emergency treatment) Elective anesthesia (selected cases) Need for prolonged mechanical ventilation Situations where bag-valve-mask ventilation is difficult or impossible (eg, in patients with severe facial deformity, thick beard, or other factors that interfere with the face mask seal) or upper airway obstruction due to soft tissues Need to prevent aspiration (eg, in obtunded or comatose patients) or for repeated airway suction Video assistance should be used when available, and it is particularly useful when anatomic factors make direct laryngoscopy difficult and / or when injuries preclude the head and neck movement required for proper positioning.
Conclusions: The initial research of the double conjunctival flap rotation has achieved good results in terms of aesthetics, function, few complications, low recurrence rate.
Traumatic Perforation of the Tympanic Membrane By Richard T Miyamoto, MD, MS, Indiana University School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Mar 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Traumatic Perforation of... Traumatic perforation of the tympanic membrane (TM) can cause pain, bleeding, hearing loss, tinnitus, and vertigo.
Risk of hypertension include: overweight-obese 56.0%; eating animal fat 49.1%; physical activity, 45.8%; eat meat 42.8%, smoking 40.6%, 40.6% alcohol abuse.
Improving the health care response to gender-based violence carrying out activities of health care and support for violence women in Duc Giang and Dong Anh hospitals in Hanoi
However, treating psoriasis associated with metabolic 2 syndromes faces many challenges because of controversial pathology, progression and clinical evidence.
77% were unconcentrating by noisy environment.
Shellfish poisoning Paralytic shellfish poisoning can occur from June to October, especially on the Pacific and New England coasts, when mussels, clams, oysters, and scallops are contaminated by the poisonous dinoflagellate responsible for red tide.
Castings stored for 24h at 37 °C in 100% humidity environment were cemented on abutments with a load of 2 kg maintaining for 60minutes.
There are 2 primary types of advanced directives: Living will: Expresses preferences for medical treatment and end-of-life care Durable power of attorney for health care: Designates a surrogate decision maker Every state in the US recognizes these documents and encourages their use as a simple legal tool by which people can express their wishes and have them honored.
Background: Chronic non-communicable diseases including diabetes have been increasing quickly.
Background: Acute heart failure (AHF) is generally defined as the rapid development or changes of symptoms and signs of heart failure that requires medical attention.
Mönckeberg arteriosclerosis Mönckeberg arteriosclerosis (medial calcific sclerosis) affects patients > 50; age-related medial degeneration occurs with focal calcification and even bone formation within the arterial wall.
Colonization by these bacteria maintains vaginal pH in the normal range (3.8 to 4.2), thereby preventing overgrowth of pathogenic bacteria.
Diagnosis was based on Duplex scanning, multi-slice CT scan and MRA.
Out of 216 children born to mothers, only 171 children ever had diarrhea, accounting for 79.2%.
Products of 3 consecutive batches met the main criteria according to the USP.
Investigation of the iridoid composition of extracts from di huang (rehmannia glutinosa libosch.) root using uhplc and lc-msd-trap-sl
Particularly, the proportion of positive parasitemia at D3 in Phu Thien, Gia Lai province is 38.5%, and D4 is 23.1% in 2012.
Only T cells that can recognize nonself antigen complexed to self MHC molecules survive; they leave the thymus for peripheral blood and lymphoid tissues.
Symptoms and signs are nonspecific (see table Manifestations of Pancreas Transplant Rejection by Category).
Neuropathic pain syndromes are sometimes associated with overactivity of the sympathetic nervous system.
Patients and methods: It is prospective study. 118 lower limb peripheral vascular patients hospitalized (clinical and imaging Doppler ultrasonic) more than 50 years old in Thanh Nhan hospital in 09 months (02/2013 - 10/2013).
Possible causative drugs (eg, anticoagulants, procainamide, phenytoin) are stopped.
We report the case of a 12-year-old boy who presented seizure and syncope.
Classic clinical presentation may be subclinical forms or cutaneous larva migrans, and more rare in clinical practice are VLM and OLM.
With an FM auditory trainer, the teacher speaks into a microphone that send signals to a hearing aid in the nonaffected ear.
Wide-complex tachycardia must be distinguished from ventricular tachycardia (see table and figures Classic Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome and Narrow QRS tachycardia).
Result: General result was relatively good with IOP complete success of 100%.
The prevalence of periodontitis in subjects who visit the dentists every five years is 2, 97 times higher than those who have dental check-ups every 1 or 2 years.
The ears are examined for signs of trauma (eg, blood in the canal or behind the tympanic membrane) or infection (eg, red, bulging tympanic membrane).
Patients were recorded blood glucose results within 24 hours after admission and recorded outcome (dead or alive).
Rates and related factors with repeat abortion of induced abortion women at đong nai hospital
There are other adverse effects of class I drugs that are specific to the subclass or individual drug.
Symptoms and arrhythmias co-occurred in 14 patients, accounting for 24.6% of symptomatic patients.
Emergency treatment of pediatric septic shock had unsuitable problems as fluid infusion rate, vasopressors and antibiotics.
Adverse effects include decreased libido; erectile and ejaculatory dysfunction, which may persist even after cessation of treatment (see Male Sexual Dysfunction); hypersensitivity reactions; gynecomastia; myopathy; and rarely symptoms of depression.
Conclusion: The increasing of active CD 4 T-cell in the large B - cell NHL offered a better prognosis.
Peptic Ulcer Disease By Nimish Vakil, MD, University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health Reviewed / Revised Mar 2023 View Patient Education Etiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Complications Treatment Key Points More Information Topic Resources Duodenal Ulcer Gastric Ulcer Gastric Ulcer Perforation Free Air CT With Free Peritoneal Air A peptic ulcer is an erosion in a segment of the gastrointestinal mucosa, typically in the stomach (gastric ulcer) or the first few centimeters of the duodenum (duodenal ulcer), that penetrates through the muscularis mucosae.
M ozzardi is transmitted by biting midges (Culicoides) and blackflies (Simulium amazonicum).
Three leading causes of injuries were falls, traffic accidents, and animal attacks.
Conclusion: EMD is a useful adjunct to MVD in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia.
The STARR is the one of the treatments for rectocele.
Results: Dmax of Folium Nelumbinis - Radix Polygoni Multiflori extract is 11.818 g / kg.
Patients with CF historically have had the poorest prognosis, with a median survival of 36 years.
Etiology of HPV Infection There are > 100 known types of HPV.
Keywords: anal fistula, LIFT, fecal incontinence.
Ampicillin / sulbactam 3 g IV every 6 hours or piperacillin / tazobactam 3.375 g IV every 6 hours is commonly used; vancomycin 1 g IV every 12 hours is added when infection is severe or MRSA is prevalent.
Discharge can be purulent, whitish, or mucoid.
These changes can subsequently cause acute kidney injury (AKI) and Takotsubo cardiomyopathy (sometimes termed neurogenic stress myocardium or stunned cardiomyopathy), which manifests as acute systolic heart failure.
The size of adenoid is not relevant to otitis media.
If weight increases > 2 kg over a few days, patients may be able to adjust their diuretic dose themselves, but if weight gain continues or symptoms occur, patients should seek medical attention.
FiF technique has better control in low-level dose, Dmean to the contralateral breast than IMRT technique.
Overall and event - free survival rate of the study after 5 years was 65.7% and 64.5% respectively.
Initially, patients have dyspnea on exertion, decreased exertion tolerance, and dry cough.
Physical strength and some biological indicators in seafarers Characteristics of physical indicators of the study subjects - In our research, it shows that the physical parameters of crew members on ocean transport vessels are significantly higher than those of land workers in Hai Phong with p <0, 05.
Abdominal ultrasound was conclusive in 25%, while CT scan was done in 7 patients but correct diagnosis was obtained in only 3 patients (42.8%).
Background: Aortic valve stenosis is the most frequent cardiac valve pathology in the western world.
Chromium may decrease levothyroxine serum levels and, therefore, the dose of thyroid replacement therapy may need adjustment in patients using supplemental chromium.
Objective: The objectives of this study were to describe the clinical features, laboratory tests as well as to evaluate the initial outcome of treatment for pediatric patients with medulloblastoma at the Pediatric Department, 108 Military Central Hospital.
Zinc deficiency should be suspected in undernourished patients with typical symptoms or signs.
Immediately drain septal hematomas.
Methods: This was a cross-sectional describe case series report which is performed in patients with pelvic fracture who underwent TAE in ChoRay Hospital, from 2013 to 2016.
Methods and subjects: The Intensive Care Unit - Poison Control Department, Nghe An Obstetrics and Pediatrics Hospital conducted a retrospective and prospective study with convenient sampling on 23 patients with respiratory disorders who were scheduled for bronchoscopy.
Prevalance of hypertension treatment adherence at E hospital
We identified 230 children diagnosed as acte leukemia at Blood transfusion and hematology center of HCMC and children Hospotal No 1, composing 39, 19% of admitted in 70.36%, 27.88% and 1.76% of acute leukemia, respectively.
State bidding procurement policies are making positive effects in lowering drug costs and encouraging domestic drug use.
Drugs Antihistamines remain the mainstay of treatment.
Empirical treatment by antibiotics before having results of blood culture and prolonged treatment duration are the main treatment restraint.
Aspergillomas neither require nor respond to systemic antifungal therapy but may require resection because of local effects, especially hemoptysis.
Methods: This prospective, randomized, single - blind, placebo - controlled study was performed on 60 patients undergoing elective spinal surgery.
The daily dose can be increased by up to 50 mg every cycle to a maximum of 200 mg / dose as needed to induce ovulation.
TNF-α and IL-10 cytokines at T24 is associated with mortality.
Bubonic plague In bubonic plague, the most common form, the incubation period is usually 2 to 5 days but varies from a few hours to 12 days.
Patient safety Occupational and physical therapists can evaluate the home of impaired patients for safety with the goal of preventing falls and other accidents.
Conclusion: This review found important information on the acceptance threshold and the unit of effectiveness in preventing and treating HIV / AIDS with ARVs from different perspectives. These findings created a basis for patients and healthcare providers to make appropriate decisions on using ARVs in the most cost-efficient way.
Aggressiveness or withdrawal may develop, as may phobias or sleep disturbances.
These concentrates are virally inactivated and therefore do not transmit HIV infection or hepatitis.
In our results, if explained by WHO guideline and applying diagnosis standard 1997, DMFT index is a non-reversible index because DT or DS (average of carious teeth or carious tooth surface) can not be annulled but transformed into MT, MS (average of teeth or tooth surfaces missed by caries), or FT, FS (filled teeth and tooth surfaces). Thus, DMFT and DMFS are accumulated by time and non-reversible.
However, among older patients who feel too weak to walk, determining the contribution of muscle weakness may be difficult because gait dysfunction is often multifactorial (see page Geriatrics Essentials).
Keywords: brugada syndrome; SCN5A gene; sequencing technique
No risk factors of supravalvar neo-pulmonary stenosis were found in our series on univariate and multivariate analysis.
Early results of endo-vascular intervention to treatarterio-venous fistular failure in end-stage renal disease patients
TO EVALUATE THE EFFECTS ZOLEDRONIC ACID COMBINED WITH ADDITIONAL CALCIUM AND VITAMIN D IN PATIENTS WITH OSTEOPOROSIS Aim: To assess the effectiveness of treatment and side effects of zoledronic acid (Aclasta) in patients with osteoporosis.
Severe mucosal ulcerations may cause significant acute blood loss.
Channel transurethral resection of the prostate for acute urinary retention in prostate cancer patients
Principal component analysis was applied to define the main components of risk variables associated with MetS Results: Factor analysis revealed three uncorrelated factors that cumulatively explained 62.7% of the observed variables of MetS.
Situation of using blood, blood component in National Institute of Hematology and Blood Transfusion (NIHBT) during 2010-2011
Results: 101 students participated.
Objectives: To evaluate the association between RDW, MCV, MCHC parameters and glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients.
Almost of patients had 3 or more than 3 underlying diseases (65%).
Background: At the ports are always crowded places where cultural, economic and tourism exchanges take place between domestic and international regions, so these places have the potential to risk vector spreading. Transmission of pathogens carrying pathogens from one region to another, from country to country is likely to occur.
Both of 2 groups were the same stone clearance rate with 85.7%.
Testicular Torsion By Patrick J Shenot, MD, Thomas Jefferson University Hospital Reviewed / Revised May 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points More Information Topic Resources Abnormal testicular fixation... Testicular torsion is an emergency condition due to rotation of the testis and consequent strangulation of its blood supply.
Result: 40 patients were included in our study with an average age of 59.3, the male / female participants ratio was 2.3.
However, use of TMP / SMX should be avoided during the 1st trimester (because neural tube defects are a risk) and near term.
Fetal growth problems such as IURG or macrosomnia fetus, are diagnosed base on reliable fetal growth development chart.
Results: The average age is 56, 0 ± 1, 8, which is common from 40 to 79 years old, youngest patient 18 year-old and the oldest one 85 year-old, male / female 1, 03.
Except for 2 patients died during the follow-up period (1 due to pneumonia, 1 due to exhaustion), none of the patients (0%) was found to have distal obstruction at the end of the study period at the most recent follow-up.
NAFLD requires evidence of hepatic steatosis by imaging or histology and a lack of other causes of fat accumulation (such as alcohol consumption or drugs that cause fat accumulation).
In patients with idiopathic pulmonary hemosiderosis, repeated alveolar bleeding can eventually result in pulmonary hemosiderosis and fibrosis.
Background: Facebook has risen to become the largest social network in the world since its establishment, with billions of users world-wide.
Diagnosis of Clavicle Fractures Plain x-rays Clinical evaluation is often diagnostic, but anteroposterior plain x-rays are usually taken, and sometimes an apical lordotic view or an x-ray at a 45° angle upward is included.
Pathology: Adenocarcinoma is in majority and give much better prognosis than squamous cell carcinoma.
Early surgical complications after renal transplatation in No.103 hospital
Vertebral fractures were evaluated using Genant's method.
All patients achieved complete response after transplantation.
However, the inconsistency of patients' descriptions and the poor specificity of symptoms make this unreliable.
In females with adrenal tumors, increased production of androgens may lead to hirsutism, temporal balding, and other signs of virilism.
Results: the rate of healthcare associated infections was 12.8%, ventilator associated pneumonia is 10.5%, Catheter-associated urinary tract infections was 4.5%, Central line associated bloodstream infections was 3.4%.
Factors related to the social support of MMT patients score were marital status and general living status (p<0.001), occupation (p<0.001), illicit drugs using (p = 0.017), co-occurring diseases (p= 0.029), duration of treatment and number of close relatives (p<0.001).
Objectives: We performed cross - sectional study to evaluate the results of multidetector CT for diagnostic right lower quadrant pain.
Methods: This is a cross-sectional study.
The main stimulus for vasopressin release is increased osmotic pressure of water in the body, which is sensed by osmoreceptors in the hypothalamus.
The percentage of women who lost light space after the placenta and had abnormal blood vessels accounted for the most, 58.0%, 44.0%, respectively.
A proper food intake and regular physical activity with reasonable intensity contribute to important anti-inflammatory and slow down the aging process.
This disorder does not include compensatory behaviors, such as vomiting.
Percutaneous renal access into inferior posterior of the kidney in 47 cases (46.08%), middle calyx 42 cases (41.17%) and superior calyx 13 cases (12.75%).
For gastric lavage, tap water is instilled and withdrawn from the stomach via a tube.
Results of surgical treatment of rectocele at binh dan hospital
Method: Follow-up study of 313 cases of community-acquired pneumonia at the respiratory department in Children's Hospital 2 from 8/2011 to 05/2012.
Determining the cause requires MRI and often lumbar puncture and evaluation for vasculitis.
Only mild pain on day 1 accounted for 47.5% and increased on day 1.
This disease caused by point mutations in human mitochondrial DNA that lead to change protein in the electron transfer chain of the mitochondria.
Diagnosis is by electrocardiography (ECG) and the presence or absence of serologic markers.
Secondary amenorrhea may be caused by acquired anatomic reproductive tract abnormalities that interfere with menstrual function or obstruct the menstrual flow.
According to mean vitamin D concentration, we found that children with vitamin D defficicency suffered from the highest rate of ARI 66.7% then children with vitamin D insufficiency were 46.3%.
They are also less socially isolated and more prone to impulsive behavior, drug and alcohol abuse, and overt depression.
(See also Wheezing and Asthma in Infants and Young Children.)
Study design: Cross-sectional design, collecting both quantitative and qualitative data, which composes 03 phases: Phase 1 - A retrospective cross-sectional descriptive study; Phase 2 - Policy analysis research; Phase 3 - Qualitative Research 2.2.2.
Conclusion: The tablet green tea Dogarlic has the effect of reducing total Cholesterol, LDL-C, Triglycerides and increase HDL-C after 8 weeks of treatment.
The median duration of symptoms prior to radiological diagnosis was 6 weeks.
Prognosis value of cardiovascular and death events within 6 months in the patients with non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction had been percutaneous coronary intervention - Cardiovascular events: + NT-proBNP and hs-CRP in the heart failure group was higher than in the group without heart failure at admission and after 24-hour intervention (p <0.001).
Afterload is the force resisting myocardial fiber contraction at the start of systole.
Inside the knee How to Examine the Knee An evaluation of the knee includes a physical examination and sometimes arthrocentesis (see How To Do Knee Arthrocentesis).
The status of overweight and obesity of people in Ho Chi Minh city, 1996 - 2001.
Treatment of subarachnoid hemorrhage is supportive with appropriate monitoring to detect hydrocephalus.
In addition, the American Cancer Society identifies several other worrisome signs involving the breast that men as well as women should take note of. They include: * skin dimpling or puckering * nipple retraction * redness or scaling of the nipple or breast skin * and nipple discharge When you consult your physician about any of these signs, expect the doctor to take a careful history and do a physical exam.
Patients with abnormalities on ECG usually have blood levels of cardiac markers measured and sometimes echocardiography to evaluate the patient for possible cardiac contusion.
Results of ultrasound presented that the average tumor size was 8.3±3.2 mm, there was no case of tumor invading the strap muscle on preoperative ultrasound.
Methods: Descriptive analysis on 400 patients who came for medical examination and treatment in Outpatient Department ofConstruction Hospital, June 2021.
The study results of Chen et al (2015) showed that children infected with HBV in cord blood were likely to be infected at 6 months of age with OR (95% CI) = 6.20 (1.35 - 28.47).
Rectal examination may show gross blood due to a penetrating colonic lesion, and there may be blood at the urethral meatus or perineal hematoma due to genitourinary tract injury.
To contribute to complete the G6PD mutation database for developing the molecular tests, this study focus on screening the mutations occuring on exon 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 that encode for β + α domain of G6PD enzyme which contains amount of serious mutations. Methods: This study was performed as the cross-sectional and observational model.
Sometimes more than one disorder is present.
Many reports have shown that mutations in Early-growth-response 2 gene (EGR2) may lead to CMT1D type with late onset in childhood or early adulthood (myelin destruction) or CMT4E type, characterized by congenital hypomyelinating neuropathy.
This report aims to describe the initial results of Ruxolitinib for patients with PMF in BTH.
Another study had lower rates of persistent neurologic sequelae and death.
Recommendation: (1) CHCs should promote activities and communication on environmental sanitation to every household.
Abnormal echo regions in prostate were found via conventional TRUS in those patients, then abnormal echo regions would be evaluated by real-time strain ultrasound elastography.
With the research method Health education intervention has before - after comparison on a group of subjects on knowledge of antibiotic use based on the guidelines for antibiotic use of the Ministry of Health and recommendations of WHO.
Key Points Gigantism and acromegaly are usually caused by a pituitary adenoma that secretes excessive amounts of growth hormone (GH); rarely, they are caused by non-pituitary tumors that secrete growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH).
(2) determine the ADC threshold value to differentiate benign from malignant lesions. Materials and methods: 182 lesions of 135 patients of those 5 focal hepatic lesion types were examined with isotropy diffusion weighted MR sequence. ADCs were measured and compared to define the ADC threshold value to differentiate benign from malignant lesions. Results: The mean ADCs of hepatic cysts, hemangiomas, hepaticellular carcinomas, cholangiocarcinomas and metastasis were 2.68 x 10 - 3 mm2 / sec ± 0.298, 1.78 x 10 - 3 mm2 / sec ± 0.337, 1.00 x 10 - 3 mm2 / sec ± 0.224, 1.1 x 10 - 3 mm2 / sec ± 0.163 and 1.08 x 10 - 3 mm2 / sec ± 0.293 respectively.
Conclusion: Hospitalized patients are at risk of malnutrition, related factors include age, education level and average income.
For very serious infections involving MSRA, the best treatment is linezolid or vancomycin.
A drug for anaerobes (eg, metronidazole 500 mg every 8 hours) should be added if an underlying sinusitis or dental infection is present.
20/33 right lung tumors accounted for about 60%, 13/33 left lung tumors for about 40%.
Symptomatic synovial effusions can occur, especially in the knee, and the fluid is noninflammatory.
Parenteral drug users are at relatively high risk, but HDV, unlike hepatitis B virus (HBV), has not widely permeated the MSM (men-who-have-sex-with-men) community.
They cannot remember topographic relationships.
Keywords: Tumor, Gastrointestinal stromal tumor
- With the follow-up average period of 25 months (from 5 months to 3 years and half), the primary results show that:
Why lesions are more visible 3 days later, when the patient has recovered, is unknown.
The patients with postoperative pressure gradient through the right ventricular outflow tract > 50 mmHg was a risk factor for reoperation (OR=108; p=0.001).
The remainder of the neurologic examination is done, including testing the rest of the cranial nerves.
Subjects and Methods: A high performance liquid chromatographic method using derivatized cellulose tris (3, 5-dimethylphenyl carbamate) chiral stationary phase was developed for separation of the enantiomers of synthesized new chiral N1 and N2 derivatives.
Left ventricular ejection fraction in overweight-obese children in the study was lower than the control group at all ages (p> 0.05).
Early detection, early aggressive treatment, "Treatment to target" and early use of classical DMARDs in combination with new biologic drugs to achieve remission as quickly as possible are optimal measures that help change outcomes for patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Some anatomical pitfalls and complications associated with CVC were also disscussed.
They disperse primarily through coughing, singing, and other forced respiratory maneuvers by people who have active pulmonary or laryngeal TB and whose sputum contains a large number of organisms (about 10, 000 organisms / mL, the limit of detection by fluorescent microscopy).
The mean VAS score 3 months after surgery was 1.5 ± 1.51 points; There is a statistically significant difference in the mean value of VAS score before and after surgery (T test = 7.21; p < 0.001).
Results: Post-op CSF leak and meningitis occurred in two patients with no death.
All the excretory curves of renal pelvis showed the obstruction.
Treatment of this complication was effective with short-time ATG (5 days).
The rate of premarital sexual intercourse a mong students was 17.7% (12.5% of first year students; 20.8% of 4th year students).
Stage 1: Normal GFR (≥ 90 mL / min/1.73 m 2) plus either persistent albuminuria or known structural or hereditary renal disease Stage 2: GFR 60 to 89 mL / min/1.73 m 2 Stage 3a: 45 to 59 mL / min/1.73 m 2 Stage 3b: 30 to 44 mL / min/1.73 m 2 Stage 4: GFR 15 to 29 mL / min/1.73 m 2 Stage 5: GFR < 15 mL / min/1.73 m 2 GFR (in mL / min/1.73 m 2) in CKD can be estimated by the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI 2021) creatinine equation: In contrast to prior versions, the most recent equation does not adjust for race, so as to reduce racial inequities in CKD diagnosis and thus, treatment.
The purpose of this study was to analyze our experience with primary mediastinal cysts, emphasizing the clinical presentations and results of video thoracoscopic surgery.
Epidemiological clicical features of the patients undergoing hip and knee arthroplasty at trauma and orthopaedic department in thong nhat hospital
Materials and Method: A descriptive cross-sectional study was conduct in Hung Vuong hospital, with a sample size of 297 mother infants who had the normal delivery (woman and baby are room-in).
The average hospitalized time still long in 5.45±1.02 days.
Method: Between October 2002 and October 2004, 283 patients with Hirschsprung's disease were operated by Transanal Endorectal pull - through at Children hospital No.1.
Most patients who overdose or have respiratory depression are misusing the drug (not taking it as prescribed) or taking high doses (> 100 OMME).
Background: Diabetes is a chronic disease causing a lot of burden on society.
There were no postoperative complications.
Noninvasive tests (eg, elastography, serum markers) can be used to assess the degree of liver fibrosis.
The reality of the knowledge and practice of the caregivers of children with iron deficiency anemia at the National Institute of Hematology - Blood Transfusion (2020)
There is a correlation between the highly elevated WBC (≥20 K / μL) and the size of the lesions (OR = 0.2, p <0.05) and the extension level (OR = 20.7, p <0.05).
Macrocytosis with mean corpuscular volume of about 100 to 105 fL can occur with chronic alcohol use in the absence of folate deficiency.
Inflammatory condition: there was a strong change in the inflammatory markers Lactate, CRP and PCT increased compared to the control group with p < 0.05, the concentrations were determined as: 5.77 ± 3.52 mmol / L, 152 ± 106.26 mg / L, and 55 ± 64.59 ng / ml, respectively.
The rate of cancer patients having malnutrition was 56%; Overweight in diabetes mellitus type 2 was 30.6%.
Most patients present with abnormal vaginal bleeding.
Schober index, hand-group index of both groups were also improved significantly (p<0.05). The relapse of test-group was lower than controlling group.
Onset may be sudden, with chills and fever, severe headache, joint and low back pain, malaise, and occasionally diarrhea.
The child also learns that the parents are available but will not provide more stories or play.
Objective: To study the patterns of cutaneous disorders and their prevalence in CRF patients at Nguyen Tri Phuong Hospital.
Recently, tuberculosis is likely to reappear and widespread in some cities and countries, in which tuberculosis of lymph node accounts for relatively high rate.
+ Neuroprotectors help more decreasing sequences CNS and increasing survivors nosequence.
Is suitable for the elderly.
Objective and method: Retrospective study of complications after 51 laryngectomy cases in ENT department at Cho Ray hospital from 08/2007 to 9/2008, in order to understand predisposing factors, to have an appropriate therapy and gain experience to prevent fistula.
Desiccated animal thyroid preparations contain variable amounts of T3 and T4 and should not be prescribed unless the patient is already taking the preparation and has normal serum TSH.
Conclusion: In the setting of acute stroke, ASPECTS is a strong predictor of outcome in acute ischemic stroke.
Introduction: Osteosarcoma is the most common malignant tumor in children and adolescents.
Specific beta-blockers such as carvedilol and metoprolol succinate (ie, long-acting metoprolol) improve left ventricular ejection fraction, survival, and other major cardiovascular outcomes in patients with chronic HFrEF, including those with severe symptoms.
To determine relationship between real-time PCR CT values at hospital admission and some characteristic of patients with COVID-19, in Duc Giang General hospital in December, 2021.
Results: The percentage of Kras-Nras mutation was 30, 26% (23/76); the percentage of Kras was 28, 9% (22/76), the percentage of Nras was 1, 3% (1/76).
About 69% of older men were married compared with 47% of older women and, in 2021, 31% of older women were widows (1).
Only one child required endoscopic urethrotomy three times (Preputial graft).
Conclusion: There is positive correlation between the isolated prolonged APTT and endogenous anticoagulants and lupus anticoagulant.
Objective: Osteoporosis is a disease that affects especially the elderly and can cause the spine to collapse, low back pain, kyphosis and decrease in range of motion due to pain.
Update on the diagnosis and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
B, The genome structure of four genera of coronaviruses: two long polypeptides 16 nonstructural proteins have proceeded from Pp1a and pp1b represent.
In later stages, patients may develop symptoms and signs of uremia (eg, nausea, vomiting, anorexia) earlier (ie, with higher glomerular filtration rate [GFR]) than do patients without diabetic nephropathy, possibly because the combination of end-organ damage due to diabetes (eg, neuropathy) and renal failure worsens symptoms.
The demand for number of officials at preventive medicine sector in Ca Mau province is: between 130 and 233 new recruits in the period of 2013 - 2015, 44 new recruits to replace retired staff in the period of 2016 - 2020.
What happens this month in terms of controlling virus transmission "will have ramifications on the healthcare system into February," he said.
Dengue fever with warning signs (22.4%) in women higher than in male (12.5%) (p < 0.001).
A digital cervical examination is contraindicated when bleeding occurs during late pregnancy until ultrasonography confirms normal placental and vessel location (and excludes placenta previa and vasa previa).
Material and Methods: The aim of the study is to evaluate the early results of the laparoscopic treatment of total rectal prolapse without strangulated prolapse.
Preparation of zinc oxide ointment: + Method of preparation the oinment: mixture emulsification method.
Methods: Prospective, descriptive 70 patients with exudative pleura effusion in Respiratory department of Thong Nhat Hospital.
This might be because of different environmental factors such as climate, humidity, occupation, and different lifestyles and upon geographical location and temporal distribution.
Many researches indicated that MR-proANP had a useful marker in long term prognosis in patients with acute dyspnea.
Results: The mean age is 36, 1 ± 9, 1, 96% female.
Results: the patient's nutritional compliance reached 98.4%, the factor related to nutritional compliance was the patient's satisfaction with the attitude of medical staff and the medical expenses.
Objectives: to evaluate the efficacy of the trans-ethmoidal technique for sphenoid sinusotomy Methods: This is a prospective study of 33 patients with chronic sphenoid sinusitis underwent sphenoidotomy via ethmoid cavity (n=60) at Ear Nose Throat Hospital, HCMC between May 2016 and June 2017.
If the autonomic nervous system is intact, heart rate varies with these maneuvers; normal responses to deep breathing and the Valsalva ratio vary by age.
PAVMrarely occurs as a result of trauma to the chest. PAVM is usually long-lasting and is often first diagnosed in adults.
26.3% and 89.5% of kitchen staffs had right knowledge and correct practice, respectively.
The subjectives of study were 215 of stable stroke patients discharged from Cho Ray Hospital with choosen and excluded criteries.
Related factors to plasma lipid disorders were age, family history of cardiovascular diseases, smoking, drinking beer and alcohol, infrequent physical activities, obese, plasma uric acid and tophus nodule.
Analysis of death cases of dengue hemorrhagic fever/dengue shock syndrome in children in nationwide vietnam from 2012 till 2015
In which, the largest and smallest measurement of bust 2 is the measurement of bust 3.
Methods: A total of 42 maxillary sinuses of 23 patients with 76 ZIs were included in this retrospective-descriptive study.
Results: appearance of graft rejection condition, 100% of patients with hemoglobin and hematocrit values were normal and 100% of patients had renal function is stable 6 months after transplantation.
Primary cancer diseases included breast cancer (25%), followed by ovarian cancer, lung, colon, uterus...: 21.43%.
Aldosterone receptor antagonists are recommended in patients with advanced stages of heart failure.
Global Initiative for Asthma propose the strategy for asthma control and prevention of acute asthma attact.
The aggregation assay was conducted by measuring at the period of 30, 60, 90, 180, and 360 minutes at wavelength 620 nm to determine the inhibitory percentage.
This method was met all the requirements of a pharmaceutical analytical procedure follow ICH requirements.
Bezoars are classified according to their composition: Phytobezoars (most common) are composed of indigestible fruit and vegetable matter such as fiber, peels, and seeds.
Optic nerve appearance The optic nerve head (ie, disk) is normally a slightly vertically elongated circle with a centrally located depression called the cup.
Because about half of patients respond to high-dose pyridoxine alone, some clinicians do not restrict methionine intake in these patients.
96 - 98.1% knew the correct procedure of food safety practices of food business but only 41.5% knew that health check was needed before employing a person.
Treatment of Mediastinal Masses Depends on cause Treatment depends on etiology.
Factors that increased the risk of OMDs included high moisture, working time, working postures, breaks time between shifts, and kinds of work.
However, using Telmisartan 40mg at bedtime have made more frequency of dippers, diurnal / nocturnal ratio of systolic blood pressure increased 2.4 ± 4.8%, and decreased reverse dippers.
Results: Pathologically complete response rates of preoperative brachytherapy in stages IB-IIA cervical cancer with Cesium and Iridium are 96.3% and 97.7% respectively.
With irradiation, hypopituitarism often develops several years after therapy.
The most common include Dry skin Atopic dermatitis (eczema) Contact dermatitis Fungal skin infections Systemic disorders In systemic disorders, itching may occur with or without skin lesions.
This observation has been formalized as the rapid shallow breathing (RSB) index, determined by dividing the patient's unassisted respiratory rate (in breaths / minute) by the tidal volume (in L).
Results: Mean age: 51.3.
The echocardiogram is typically obtained immediately before and after an exercise treadmill test or during dobutamine infusion.
The diagnosis based on rectus muscle enlargement and TRAb level fairly strong agreement. Conclusion: There is a correlation between proptosis and rectus muscle diameter.
Family members and visitors may help lessen confusion by frequently holding the patient's hand and repeating where the patient is and what is happening.
Prognosis value of the combination of TWA and HRV in heart failure.
The average age is 71.8 ± 1.3.
44.2% of the patients increased physical activity.
Aldosterone antagonists can reduce mortality, including from sudden death, in patients with left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) < 30% and chronic HF, or acute HF complicating acute myocardial infarction.
Changes in the peripheral extremities (edema, erythema, desquamation) 4.
Clinical and sonographic features of intussusception operated in children's hospital 1
Sutures, skin staples, and other closures are usually left in place 7 days or longer depending on the site and the patient.
To study and evaluate the results of acute kidney injury treatment in critical patients undergoing continuous hemofiltration through the criteria of progression of kidney injury grading, urine output and SOFA score.
Psychological insulin resistance in elderly diabetic patients
Nifedipin was effective 76% for treating of hypertension.
Full nutritional assessment (including BMI calculation and anthropometric measurements) should be repeated at 2-week intervals.
The ROC analysis showed that triceps, subscapular skinfolds and sum (TSF + SSSF) have high discriminatory power to identify overweight / obesity in the sampled population.
Summary: There are many options for recontruction of soft-tisue defects in the weight-bearing area of the foot.
There are statistical significant difference between abnormal clinical signs after accident with Glasgow score at admission and mechanisms of head injury.
A definite diagnosis of TSC by these criteria requires either of the following: The identification of either a TSC1 or TSC2 pathogenic mutation by molecular genetic testing Two major features or 1 major feature with ≥ 2 minor features A possible diagnosis of TSC by these criteria requires the following: Either 1 major feature or ≥ 2 minor features Table Physical examination is done to check for typical skin lesions.
When the disorder is osteoporosis, these fractures are often called insufficiency or fragility fractures.
Detection of tubercle bacillus in sputum is the first line method for diagnosing pulmonary tuberculosis. Objectives: Comparison of the results AFB smear between induced sputum and collection of specimen by fiberoptic bronchoscopy in the patients who can not produce sputum or have 3 times AFB smear negative.
Severe metabolic acidosis, often worsening if supplemental oxygen is administered, is characteristic of hypoplastic left heart syndrome.
In detail, we used a linear regression equation to analyze the relationship and calculate the area of curve ROC to determine predictor of mortality.
The results show that91% patients can not define symptoms of diabetes as well as the causes and complications of diabetes, 97% agree to take medicine as prescribed but just 82% patients did it, 54% agree to self-measure blood sugar athome while just 21% did it at home. 58% patients have meal themselves, 95% patients do exercises.
Once recognized, an antigen, antigen-antibody complex, or complement-microorganism complex is internalized.
Thiopental is then slowly released from fat storage, maintaining subanesthetic plasma levels.
Immunophenotype: Positive for CD19, CD22, CD79a.
Tetracyclines cross the placenta and are concentrated and deposited in fetal bones and teeth, where they combine with calcium and impair development (see table Drugs With Adverse Effects During Pregnancy); they are not used from the middle to the end of pregnancy.
The patient then stares, and the length of time until the first dry spot develops is determined (TBUT).
Results: 4-Hydroxy-5-methyl-8, 9, 10, 11-tetrahydropyrido [3, 2, 1-jk] carbazol-6-one and 2-Chloro-5, 10-dimethyl-4-Hydroxy-8, 9, 10, 11-tetrahydropyrido [3, 2, 1-jk] carbazol-6-one were synthesized.
Another meta-analysis found that melatonin provides benefit for secondary sleep disorders (secondary insomnia caused by sleep restriction) —specifically it reduces sleep onset latency and increases total sleep time, although it does not improve sleep efficiency (5).
The mean hospital stay was 6.5 + 3.0 days.
The authors speculate that the difference in the numbers of cancer survivors could be down to the higher rate of anal cancer in homosexual men or HIV infection, which has been linked to cancer. Jason Warriner, clinical director for HIV and sexual health at the Terrence Higgins Trust, said: We know that HIV can cause certain types of cancer, and that gay men are at a greater risk of HIV than straight men.
Support services enable many patients with schizophrenia to reside in the community.
After 4 weeks, the formula can be replaced with whole milk plus cod liver oil and solid foods, including eggs, fruit, meats, and yeast.
Lie on stomach with involved arm out to the side, off edge of bed and elbow bent to 90°.
The situation of care of hiv infected pregnant womenand knowledge of hiv infected pregnant women in hung vương hospital
The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, negative predictive value, accuracy and negative appendicectomy rate in order is 68.7%, 87.5%, 89%, 65.4%, 62.1% and 10, 6%.
When used alone, they modestly increase sodium excretion.
Objective: To describe medical history feature of children under 5 years of age having asthma, treated at the National Children's Hospital from September 2016 to August 2017.
Conclusion: Thusa normal aPTTdo not rule out vWD, any patient with symptoms or history suggestive of vWD should immediately have vWF diagnosistesting done.
88.2% of patients were treated, mainly with furosemid and calcium clorid.
The highest percentage of pulsed areas was the apical region (93.8%), the lowest was the lateral wall 30.2%.
Keyword: Food safety and hygiene, Tien Giang.
Absence of accelerations is considered nonreactive (nonreassuring).
Objectives: Study of a simultaneous quantititative method for DIOSFLON film-coated tablets containing diosmine 450 mg and hesperidine 50 mg. Method: Extraction of disomine and hesperidine by using dimethyl sulfoxyd (DMSO) prior to application to HPLC Results: The validated HPLC procedure allowed to analyze quantitatively hesperidine và diosmine in the product.
Ophthalmoscopy can detect lens or vitreous opacities, assess the optic cup-to-disk ratio, and identify retinal and vascular changes.
Pre - hemofiltration phosphatemia level in two groups was normal.
It was stastictical significance (p=0.012) respectively, when we compared about post-op hospitalized duration between the post-op complicated and no complication patients group.
The study group have carried out the PCR one step modified from the nested PCR to genotyping the HBV genotype of 118 sera samples collected from HBV infected patients.
Clinical manifestations of the patient were dyspnea, shortness of breath, chest tightness, palpitations, 2 out of 3 patients had a slight increase in heart rate, of which 1 patient had extrasystoles.
Gender, income, education and sources of information on anticoagulant use influence knowledge of patients.
The body aid type is appropriate for profound hearing loss.
Depending on the specific virus, preexposure and postexposure prophylaxis may be possible using vaccines or serum globulins.
Interleukin 6 in dengue hemorrhagic fever shock in children
Failure of titers to decline by 4-fold at 6 months suggests treatment failure.
Change of cardiac index (CI) over time Table 3.7.
The surgical complications after thyroidectomy will be increased: recurrent nerve injuried, tetany due to parathyroid gland injuried, respiratory failure.
Postexposure prophylaxis consists of HBIG and vaccine; HBIG probably does not prevent infection but may prevent or attenuate clinical hepatitis.
Conclusion: The proportion of blood donors who have not reached Hb concentrations were 15.7% in female and 1.7% in male. Platelet indices are 3.9% and leukocyte indices are 0.9%.
Result: All clinical parameters were significantly improved 3 month after periodontal therapy.
Follow up 1 month post-op: 100% stop CSF leak, non recurrent meningitis.
With a view of minimally invasive surgery, the surgeons have tried to reduce the number of trocars to reduce postoperative pain, complications, hospital stay and improve cosmetic results.
Coformulated bictegravir is contraindicated when coadministering with a tuberculosis treatment containing rifampin or rifabutin.
The lesion is asymptomatic, developed slowly in the jaw and destroyed gradually the structure of the jaw.
Results: The incidence of hypothermia was 57.3%, in which, mild, moderate and severe-hypothermia was 72.6%, 20.8% and 6.6%, respectively.
Results: The average health literacy score of the patient was 25.32 (SD 6.73), the median was 25.53 [19.86 - 31.21].
Response to 6 to 10 ECT treatments is usually dramatic and may be lifesaving.
The continuosly 1 year iron chelating helped to reduced iron storage in liver, heart and serum ferritin significanly. The study findings have tangibly contributed to consultation on prevention from thalassemia, choosing the right protocol of iron chelating treatment to prevent further complications, and therefore, improving the quality of life for thalassemia patients.
Many patients with hypothyroidism continue to experience symptoms despite taking thyroid hormone replacement therapy and having normal thyroid function test results.
In such cases, bilirubin typically peaks in the first week, accumulates at a rate of < 5 mg / dL / day (< 86 micromol / L), and can remain evident for a prolonged period.
Hundreds of toxins are known.
This can be an actual place, such as your home, the gym, a store, or someplace you've seen on television, or a place you've imagined.
Patients were judged whether suffering from infections from 24 hours after ECMO initiation to 48 hours after ECMO weaning based on CDC / NHSN surveillance definition of health care-associated infection and criteria for specific types of infections in the acute care setting.
In the group with GCS ≤ 12 points, bad progression rate is 0.412 times higher than group with GCS >12 points, OR is in the range 0.173 - 0.986 without 1, p < 0.05, statistically significant difference.
Ultrasound revealed free fluid in the peritoneal cavity and visceral injuries.
Academic supervisor: Assoc.
Improvements in such supportive care have reduced the mortality rate to < 10%.
Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional study was performed on 297 health examiners aged 25 - 60 at Bac My hospital from February 2016 to July 2016.
Determine the relationship between clinical and subclinical characteristics of peptic ulcer in a child and H pylori infection.
Most studies in Vietnam of perinatal mental disorders only focus on postpartum depression.
After certain times, using spread plate technique and colony counting to determine survival percentage of tested strains.
Intermittent swelling and pain in a few large joints, especially the knees, typically recur for several years.
Assessment of maternal and newborn care during and immediately after birth in Hanoi hospital in 2018
Knowledge, practice on food safety of food handlers at Dong Da and Long Bien districts in Ha Noi, 2015.
Describe knowledge of health communication and education about diabetes among village health workers in Vu Thu district, Thai Binh province in 2020.
In more severe or recalcitrant cases, cast immobilization may be used to relieve pain and stretch the calf muscles.
Conclutions: Our study indicates that HPV is strongly associated with tonsil cancer and HPV 16 is the most frequently identified HPV genotype.
If COVID-19 is suspected, patients should be tested and managed according to local protocols.
The majority (77.9 percent) of lymph nodes were smaller than 5 mm in diameter.
Extension of induration to the seminal vesicles and lateral fixation of the gland suggest locally advanced prostate cancer.
Average BMI is 23.5.
HCC has a bad prognosis, in the early stage, the clinical symptoms are poor and difficult to diagnose.
The mean of antibiotic management's day was 5.93 ± 2.64 days.
There are no physical signs or specific diagnostic tests, and treatment is symptomatic and often difficult.
The three most common skin diseases were dermatitis (35.3%), fungal infections (11.7%) and impetigo (9.4%).
Methods: The couple had a history of losing a child after in vitro fertilization (IVF) embryo transfer at IVFMD, My Duc hospital.
The difference of 1 nucleotide (Thymine=T) at position 327 in ITS-2 and analysis of mitochondrial linkages allow us to clearly discriminate 'pure', paternal and maternal cross-hybridization of F gigantica and F hepatica.
Insulin adsorption onto IV tubing can lead to inconsistent effects, which can be minimized by preflushing the IV tubing with insulin solution.
However, other phobias interfere severely with functioning—as when people who must work on an upper floor of a skyscraper fear closed, confined places (claustrophobia), such as elevators.
The common complications included: Pneumonia (68.3%), gastrointestinal bleeding (38.3%), pressure ulcers (30%), urinary tract infection (31.6%), electrolyte disturbances (20%), convulsion (8.3%).
Some demographic and social factors are significantly associated with ARV adherence. The older patients are more likely to adhere, while low educational level, unstable employment, married patients are associated with low adherence.
Author: Le Hong Dung Tạp chí DD&TP / Journal of Food and Nutrition Sciences - Số 3 - Tháng 12 / No. 3 - December - Năm 2003 / Year 2003.
PCR restric fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) directly from gastric biopsy of H pylori infected patients based on restriction enzyme (HhaI, MboI, Hind III) is a convenient and effective method of detection and pattern of H pylori without culture.
A chest x-ray is done.
Update on visceral larva migrans and ocular larva migrans due to toxocara spp.
The thesis has been successfully implemented in fat collection, isolation of autologous stem cells from adipose tissue and transfection of autologous stem cells from adipose tissue for 30 patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Low risk strains of HPV accounts for 18.8%, Hight risk strains of HPV accounts for 10, 6% and both types were approximately 70, 6%.
Malignant hyperthermia during anesthesia with isoflurane and succinylcholine: case report
Up to this point, there have been 6/14 patients who died, and one patient had graft rejection.
There were no major safety or tolerability issues, only transient gastrointestinal symptoms (nausea, diarrhea) lasting 3 - 5 days.
Triglyceride-rich lipoproteins levels are synergistically increased in patients with DM and CKD.
All of them were underwent endoscopic laryngeal microsurgery for removal pathologic tissues and identifying with pathology.
This can be a potential remedy for improvement of solubility, stability and oral bioavailability of PTP.
The relevant factors of local inflammation after using PIC include age (> 70), treatment in the intensive care unit, the number of catheter placements (> 3), time remaining in place (24 - 48 h), size 20 G, and group drug chemistry.
13 - Relationship between SUVmax and size of lymph nodes Figure 3.1: Relationship between SUVmax and size of lymph nodes SUVmax was correlated with size of lymph nodes (r = 0.51, p = 0.00).
Antidiarrheals can be considered in adult patients with watery diarrhea (as shown by heme-negative stool), especially during an outbreak, suggesting a viral cause is likely.
Objective: evaluate efficacy of Erylik on treatment of acne vulgaris.
An abnormal response is slower and consists of extension of the great toe with fanning of the other toes and often knee and hip flexion.
Results: The intra-operative complication was 2.1%, post-operative complication rate was 14% with the anastomotic leakage was 1.4%, mean operative time was 111 minutes, mean-counted blood loss was 63.2 mL, the median time for passage of flatus and hospitalization were 2.02 and 6.65 days respectively.
About one third of men with acromegaly develop erectile dysfunction, and nearly all women develop menstrual irregularities or amenorrhea.
Methods: The study was designed as a cross - sectional investigation, in which 113 patients with acute heart failure were admitted to the Department of Cardiology, Cho Ray Hospital from March 2018 to July 2018.
Be aware that family members may report sudden onset of symptoms only because they suddenly recognized gradually developing symptoms.
Recurrence diease rate: 24, 1%.
Results: The results showed that the distrubution of von Mises stress is highest at the placing force area, and lower at the neighbouring area.
Diosmin and quercetin, two active ingredients possess the antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and vascular wall strengthening effects, have been simultaneously developed as a microemulsion (DQM) for a topical product.
For normal gas exchange to occur at birth, pulmonary alveolar fluid and interstitial fluid must be cleared promptly.
Target-organ damage includes hypertensive encephalopathy, preeclampsia and eclampsia, acute left ventricular failure with pulmonary edema, myocardial ischemia, acute aortic dissection, and renal failure.
Subject and method: 2, 136 samples of vegetables, roots and fruits detected by the Ministry of Public Security's Rapid Test (KIT VPR 10).
The mean JOA score before surgery was 9.19, the average JOA score at the last visit was 15.56 ± 0.98.
Objectives: Survey characteristics of anesthesia in laparoscopic appendectomy.
Cornstarch therapy is often used to provide a margin of safety during overnight fasting.
With malaria parasite infection and knowledge, attitude, practics on malaria control among Van Kieu people in Ngan Thuy commune, Le Thuy district, Quang Binh province in 2015.
The procedure is performed successfully and the patient has no symptoms.
Keywords: coronary perforation, percutaneous coronary intervention, stent
From May 2008 to May 2014 Neurosurgery - Thoracic department of Thanh Hoa General Hospital has conducted 324 surgeries for patients with thoraco - lumbar injuries Objective: To evaluate the results ofthoraco - lumbar injuries surgical treatment in Thanh Hoa hospital.
Symptoms and Signs of Erosive Gastritis Patients with mild erosive gastritis are often asymptomatic, although some complain of dyspepsia, nausea, or vomiting.
The loss of body weight affects QoL of people with tuberculosis, patients with a loss of body weight within the previous 1 to 2 months have a 4.04 times higher risk of developing QoL than who haven't loss their body weight (CI: 1, 2 - 13, 1; p = 0.013).
Results: There were 22 females and 19 males.
The results of laparoscopic surgery TME 12 - Intraoperative: Average operation time, intraoperative complication, the average blood loss, the rate of conversion to open surgery, quality of mesorectum, distal margin, CRM.
Our study aim is mmodeling fetal development chart from 14 to 40 weeks of gestation based on fetal biparietal diameter, head circumference, abdomen circumference, and femur length. Methods: A cross-sectional study conducted from March 2009 to August 2010, at antenatal clinics at Tu Du hospital, recruited 1, 843 pregnancies by using randomized selection.
Most of hospitals reached the standards of hospital's safety on location and accessibility.
They usually develop spontaneously in adults aged 20 to 50, with a female: male preponderance of 3: 1.
: x10 size lots were accomplished with regarding on ingredient uniformity, CV of hardness and tablet weight; test drug was compared with reference drug for their general properties and dissolution profiles.
Much of this correlation is attributable to common causes (ie, diuretics, diarrhea), but hypomagnesemia itself may also result in increased renal potassium losses.
The normative value of this test varies from country to country and is influenced by age, gender and education.
Effects of overweight and obesity on the health and learning capacity of primary school pupils in Bac Ninh city in 2014-2015
Results showed that 42.3% of mothers initiating breastfeeding within one hour after birth.
Consequences from online bullying are numerous, but in this study the psychological effects of the victim were found to be statistically significant.
Traditionally, bariatric surgery has been classified as restrictive and / or malabsorptive, referring to the presumptive mechanism of weight loss.
Paracelsus, the noted 16th-century Swiss physician wrote, Wine is a food, a medicine and a poison - it'sjust a question of dose.
There was 13.1% cases not detect tumor microscopically.
The elucidation of saponin was obtained by various chromatographic methods.
Advantages of corneal inlays are improved near vision with a 1 - to 2-line decrease in distance vision in the corrected eye.
In 2020, the rate of mature teratoma was highest (39.7%).
The average height of children aged 7 to 10 years old were 121, 0 cm, 126, 2 cm, 132, 0 cm and 137, 4 cm, respectively.
Most of snakebite cases were due to Green pit viper, constituting over 50% of total; the most popular address was in Ho Chi Minh City.
Results: PRL levels were significantly elevated in psoriasis patients compared to healthy individuals (p < 0.05). There was a positive correlation between PASI score and serum PRL levels (r = 0.36, p <0.05).
We herein report two cases with recurrent pancreatic cancer after pancreaticoduodenectomy who were reoperated in the year 2017.
Trauma-related cardiac tamponade requires surgical decompression and repair.
Keywords: underhang, overhang, mismatch, total knee replacement.
We applied 3 methods: endoscopic IT knife cutting with monopolar electrocautery, dilation with balloon and bougie dilators, stenting with polyflex stent.
More recently, the most replicated is at the chromosome 17q21 locus.
Near total thyroidectomy is a method performed the most (71%). There are 5 cases scraped nodes at neck and 2 cases frozened section.
Prevention involves not eating watercress or other freshwater plants in regions where F hepatica is endemic.
Initially, a 1-kcal / mL commercially prepared solution may be given undiluted at 50 mL / hour or, if patients have not been fed for a while, at 25 mL/hour.
Results: The pharmacy department staffs of the hospitals meet basically the GSP standards and pharmacy payroll.
The facilitator can perform TA multiple times if necessary.
Table Symptoms and Signs of Pulmonary Chemical-Warfare Injuries Type 1 agents initially cause sneezing, coughing, and laryngospasm (eye irritation can also occur).
100% of patients had tobacco and alcohol history, 70% of tumors in pyriform sinus.
Effectiveness of health communication and education on fascioliasis control at the pilot commune of Thang Binh district, Quang Nam province (2010-2011)
Introduction: Obesity is a medical condition which has increased in Vietnam.
(See also Diabetes Mellitus in adults.)
Results: Clinical and paraclinical characteristics: odynophagy 94.1%, tonsillar hyperaemia 88.2%.
Pulmonary findings can be mild or nonspecific.
The general complications rate was 6.2% (5 cases).
The average size of the tumors before the embolization was 71.2 ± 27.5 mm, and after 1 month, The average size was 67.9 ± 25.9 mm.
Thus, a diagnosis of primary ovarian insufficiency does not always mean that pregnancy is impossible.
Treatment is a bowel regimen for mild cases, but surgery is sometimes needed if rectal prolapse is the cause.
The middle third of the esophagus is the most common site for cancer lesions in 56.8%.
In patients in India and adjacent countries, skin lesions typically develop 1 to 2 years after therapy ends and can last for many years.
Crude and fractionated extracts of pomegranate fruit peels had antioxidant activity.
Hypertension affects about 1.5 billion persons worldwide.
Elder Abuse (Abuse of Older Adults) By Daniel B Kaplan, PhD, LICSW, Adelphi University School of Social Work Reviewed / Revised Apr 2023 View Patient Education Risk Factors Diagnosis Treatment Prognosis Prevention More Information Topic Resources Risk Factors for Elder Abuse Signs of Elder Abuse Elder abuse is physical or psychologic mistreatment, neglect, or financial exploitation of older adults.
Treatment of Hemolytic Disease of the Fetus and Neonate Fetal blood transfusions Sometimes delivery at 32 to 35 weeks If fetal blood is Rh negative or if MCA blood flow remains normal, pregnancy can continue to term untreated.
Other fetomaternal incompatibilities that can cause erythroblastosis fetalis involve the Kell, Duffy, Kidd, MNSs, Lutheran, Diego, Xg, P, Ee, and Cc antigen systems, as well as other antigens.
Both nontreponemal and treponemal serologic tests for syphilis (the Venereal Disease Research Laboratory [VDRL], rapid plasma reagin [RPR], and fluorescent treponemal antibody absorption tests [FTA-ABS]) are positive; thus, differentiation from venereal syphilis is clinical.
Almost half the cases considered normal by the diagnostic criteria of the Mini Mental State Examination were borderline cases according to the Clinical Dementia Rating and might correspond to cases of mild cognitive impairment with an increased risk of conversion to dementia cases.
The average hospital stay was 16.38 days.
Prevalence of hba1c target achievement and associated factorsin type 2 diabetic patients in an endocrinology clinic in ho chi minh city
Intelligence and developmental assessment Standardized intelligence tests can measure subaverage intellectual ability but are subject to error, and results should be questioned when they do not match clinical findings; illness, motor or sensory impairments, language barriers, and / or cultural differences may hamper a child's test performance.
The objective of the study was to investigate the physical growth, nutritional status of the stunted children in early age, about 300 newborns during the first years of the 1990¢s were followed up from birth to 17 years old.
Local people lack knowledge about wound treatment and delayed post-exposure treatment, therfore exacerbate the burden of rabies in the province.
Results: The incidence of chromosomal abnormalities in pediatric ALL patients was 13.8%.
The thalamic intralaminar nuclei and brain stem reticular formation stimulate the imprinting of memories.
20-day course of treatment and following up period of 12 months.
Children were measured weight, height by the anthropometric method, interviewed mothers with pre-designed questionnaires.
Indenting antibacterial extracts of method antibiotic disks set.
Surgical repair can be delayed while evaluating and treating other potentially life-threatening injuries.
Methods: Study on trematoda parasited in inshore marine fish in: Hai Phong, Nam Dinh, Nghe An, Quang Binh, from 2012 to 2015.
VATS extended thymectomy that can be performed through the right approaches in 85% of cases and 15% through the left.
Study on imaging characteristics of computed tomography angiography in patients with lower extremity arterial stenosis and occlusive
Patients with intravascular foreign material (eg, vascular graft) may have infective endarteritis.
The predisposing factors of fungal pneumonia are commonly seen as pulmonary tuberculosis, COPD, pulmonary tumors, bronchiectasis, diabetes, corticosteroids and long-term therapy with broad spectrum antibiotics.
Children with neurogenic bladder often also have a neurogenic bowel with constipation and stool incontinence that also require proper management.
Phytosome curcumin and PEG-CUR were characterized by 1H NMR, FTIR and DSC analysis.
Conclusion: Nurses in interdisciplinary group should consider the intervention programs to improve the maternal self-efficacy in the prevention and care of children with diarrhea
Academic impression has no statistically significant relationship (p>0.05) with the student's full year cumulative score.
Conclusions: The quality of sleep and HbA1c correlated positively with the degree of weakness.
Ependymomas of the 4th ventricle in particular can manifest with obstructive hydrocephalus and may therefore manifest earlier than other ependymomas (3).
Respiratory: If the lungs are affected, alveolar hemorrhage may occur and may be followed by pulmonary fibrosis.
Mean hospitalisation stay: 5 days (min 4 days, max 14 days).
Most phosphorus in the body is complexed with oxygen as phosphate.
The most serious is anaphylaxis (type I hypersensitivity reaction); exanthema (eg, morbilliform eruption), urticaria, and fever are common.
Brito agreed, noting that "there are many guidelines with different hypothyroidism thresholds, so we need to be more consistent about the message to clinicians."
The time for patients to receive a second transplant ranges from 3 to 23 months after the first transplant, with the original donor being an HLA 10/10 matched sibling with the same or different minor / major blood type.
The number of needle puncture to PV during the procedure 16 The number of needle puncture n% 1 pass 15 31.3 2 passes 22 45.8 3 - 5 passes 11 22.9 Average 2.0 ± 0.9 Comment: The average passes of PV puncture was 2.0 ± 0.9, the lowest was 1 pass and the highest was 5 passes.
P gaudichaudii also known as "Sài hồ", "Sài hồ nam" (local name), and have not seen the documents mentioned on the effect of drugs.
Zanthoxylum avicennae (Ung Bat Bac plant): A medicinal plant good for the liver
In both cases, patients should be placed in the upright position to decrease risk of aspiration.
Conclusion: The percentage of patients who undergo weight loss is high, requiring active nutrition intervention.
The proportion of food portions meeting the recommended needs for protein and lipid is 8.6% and 66.9% respectively.
Symptoms are of hypertension, fluid retention, and metabolic alkalosis.
Dr Kathryn Kotrla, associate dean and professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine in Round Rock, likened this to a perfect storm, given that people are more likely to use pot when they're young, which is precisely when their brains are most vulnerable.
Signs can include upper extremity pulse deficits, a harsh systolic murmur over the precordium or posterior interscapular space, hoarseness, and evidence of impaired blood flow to the lower extremities, including decreased pulse strength or blood pressure in the lower extremities compared to the upper extremities.
However, the motor conduction volevities of the posterior tibial and deep peroneal nerve between both gender were significant differences at 95% confidence intervals (p<0, 05).
Transient episodes are very common.
J Allergy Clin Immunol Pract 9 (1): 132 - 150.e3, 2021. doi: 10.1016 / j. jaip.2020.08.046 Prevention Long-term prophylaxis Drugs used for long-term prophylaxis of hereditary angioedema episodes include Plasma-derived C1 inhibitor (human) Lanadelumab Berotralstat Attenuated androgens Antifibrinolytics (eg, tranexamic acid) Plasma-derived C1 inhibitor may be given in regular IV infusions or subcutaneous injections as long-term prophylaxis.
Bone marrow examination shows decreased erythroid activity, megaloblastoid and dysplastic changes, and, sometimes, increased numbers of ringed sideroblasts.
In younger children, no Vitamin A supplementation and diarrhea are risk factors.
Score level KS (Knee score) and KFS (Knee Society Functional Score) were compared before and after surgery.
These drugs are equivalent in their acute effects.
Disadvantages include surgical complications and possible long-term adverse effects of implants.
Factors that increase operative risk in cancer patients include Age Comorbid conditions Debilitation resulting from cancer Cancer patients may have poor nutrition resulting from anorexia and the catabolic influences of cancer.
Current status of hypertension management Hypertension is a silent disease and is one of the top 8 causes of disability and death globally. This is a leading public health concern.
Introduction: Emphysematous pyelonephritis (EPN) is an acute necrotizing parenchymal and perirenal infection caused by gas-forming uropathogens.
Morphologic changes may be indistinguishable from those of giant cell arteritis.
The unecessary laparotomies have been proved that they are not only costly but also harmful.
Also, some experts consider UTIs to be uncomplicated even if they affect postmenopausal women or patients with well-controlled diabetes.
Results: The mean values of anterior-posterior diameter at superior surface of the vertebral body level, at superior margin of pedicle level, at middle of pedicle level, at inferior margin of pedicle level and transverse diameter at superior margin of pedicle level, at middle of pedicle level, at inferior margin of pedicle level and angle at superior margin of pedicle level, at middle of pedicle level, at inferior margin of pedicle level of lateral recess are respectively 9.04 mm, 7.65 mm, 9.55 mm, 9.36 mm, 3.34 mm, 3.67 mm, 5.07 mm, 76.380, 80.840, 58.990.
It occasionally occurs when food is available (as in fasting or anorexia nervosa) but usually occurs because food is unavailable (eg, during famine or wilderness exposure).
Results: Demographic data were comparable for both groups.
The zone of transition only applies to osteolytic lesions since sclerotic lesions usually have a narrow transition zone.
Operation were indicated for patients with good general condition, GCS ≥ 5 and Spetzler grade < 5.
Fractures with ≥ 2 parts are immobilized, and patients are referred to an orthopedic surgeon.
Overall mortality due to MODS was 23.3% (10/43).
While we're speaking, a customer orders goabki - parcels of cabbage wrapped around rice.
Conclusion: With the high success rates reported previously the TVT procedure remains a minimally invasive, effective and safe technique for treating female SUI.
However, drug toxicity can occur even at therapeutic levels.
The longer an area remains frozen, the greater the ultimate damage may be.
A follow - up postoperative ultrasound after 10 days: 100% of cases presented sclerosant veins and no intravenous flow, no deep venous thrombose.
The morbidities and complications occurred in 100% of infiltrative group, respectively.
Results: Before the health education intervention, mothers' knowledge and practice of antibiotic use was still low. The percentage of mothers who have knowledge of antibiotic use is 34%, the average score is 7.85±4.05 out of a total score of 18.
Preparation of paclitaxel solution for infusion
The food intake in subsequent were also collected in each subject by food diary for the rest of the day.
If it persists beyond age 2, separation anxiety may or may not be a problem depending how much it interferes with the child's development.
This method showed the high values of recovery and accuracy for bromhexine and salbutamol.
FIRST STEP RESULT HISTOLOGICAL FEATURES OF LIVER AND SOME LIVER FUNCTION TEST WITH POSITIVE SESUM 2, 3, 7, 8-TCDD Aims: Study histological features of liver biopsy and liver function tests of poeple 2, 3, 7, 8-TCDD positive (people exposed to orange / dioxin agents).
Pearls & Pitfalls With the tuberculin skin test, it is the diameter of induration, not erythema, that is measured.
To analyse the cytological features and compare between two groups diagnosed benign and malignant on pathological report.
Farmers: 31, 1%, free work and businessman: 25, 4%, employees and retirements: 18, 4%, pupils and Students: 11%.
The resistance ratio of Gram-negative bacteria to Ceftriaxone was 53.8%.
Noncommunicable diseases tended to increase, especially traffic accidents.
(See also The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH): Hierarchy of Controls.)
Diagnosis of Insect Stings Clinical evaluation Diagnosis of insect stings is clinical.
Mainly complicative operation: heart failure 5 cases, acute renal failure: 4 cases, pleural perfusion: 5 cases. Death: 4 cases (7.69%) because of heart failure and multiorgan failure.
Perinuclear-ANCA (p-ANCA) titers are elevated in some cases of isolated pauci-immune pulmonary capillaritis.
Gastrointest Endosc 81 (1): 81 - 89, 2015. doi: 10.1016 / j. gie.2014.08.008 Preparation for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy Routine preparations for endoscopy include no solids for 8 hours and no liquids for 2 to 4 hours before the procedure (see the American Society of Anesthesiologists Task Force's 2017 guidelines [1] and 2023 guidelines [2]).
Objectives: QOL assessment of women aged 45 to 55 currently living in Tra Vinh city and related factors.
The value of laparoscopic orchidopexy in children in Viet Duc University Hospital
Histological observations showed that epithelium tissue from group treated with oil extracted healed at day 7 and completed recovered at day 14.
However, when evaluating by CT images, the grade of bone healing has changed in 8.3% of patients with grade III, very good bone union 63.9% (degree I) and good bone union 27.8% (degree II).
Conclusions: Both SI and MSI were not in-hospital mortality predictors for severe trauma patients.
Polyuria may manifest as nocturia, bed-wetting, or daytime incontinence; in children who are not toilet-trained, parents may note an increased frequency of wet or heavy diapers.
Patients were treated after stroke one day with recovery less than 27% compared with patients who were treated within the first days, the difference was not statistically significant (p = 0.09).
Here we report a case of adrenal AT occurring in male patients aged 45 years who was admitted to the hospital because of mild left back pain and hypertension.
Methods: A cross - sectional study was performed on 33 patients with OME in Children's Hospital No. 2 from 09/2014 to 04/2015.
In the film of the skull, from afar, the male face is more harmonious than the harmonious female, the female lips are more harmonious than the harmonious male, the female is more harmonious than the male harmonious, the male nose is more harmonious and the nose is more harmonious than the female nose.
In the structure of the health insurance fund, expenses for drugs and surgical procedures dominate with 31.56% and 24.45%, respectively.
Early results of one trocart laparoscopic herniorrhaphy in childrens
Estrogen levels are elevated, increasing risk of endometrial hyperplasia and, potentially, endometrial cancer.
Newer combination products do not contain peanut oil.
Slightly tilt the probe fore and aft as you advance the anesthetic needle to continually identify the needle tip and keep it safely distant from the vein and artery.
To describe hypercholesterolemia in overweight and obese adults aged 40 to 60 years.
Relationship between myocardial strain with some major cardiovascular events over 6-month follow-up.
19 groups of dosage forms, classified according to the Vietnam Pharmacopoeia V In the period 2009 - 2019, Vietnam has 45, 801 registered drug registration numbers.
The remain lobe (s) was (were) checked carefully with no forced ventilation to see its normal function and any leakage in the airway system. Results: From Jan 2008 to Jan 2011, we performed 7 sleeve lobectomy operations for stage up to 3A lung cancer.
Tumors compressing the spinal cord are treated as emergencies because deficits may quickly become irreversible. Some well-localized primary spinal tumors can be excised surgically.
The timing of the chest radiograph and CT acquisition was close (maximum 24-hr interval) to exclude any possibility of disease progression or regression in between.
Results of some cardiac function indicators in the resuscitation of brain death.
In idiopathic FSGS, a trial of immunosuppressive therapy is indicated if proteinuria reaches the nephrotic range or if renal function worsens, especially if kidney biopsy reveals a tip lesion.
Objective: We prospectively evaluated our experience with a relatively between complications with the profile of patiens as clinics, paraclinics, operation procedures in the retroperitoneal laparoscopic ureterolithotomy, for the treatment of lumbar ureteral stones.
Fever and tachycardia suggest sepsis, drug withdrawal, or delirium tremens.
We recorded pain score (VAS), amount of morphine, vital signs and sedation level, motor block at 1, 2, 6, 24 and 28 hours post operation.
Attitude: 35.3% of mothers and family members think that their newborn babies have no risk of severe jaundice.
Mini-cog is a powerful screening test in diagnosis of dementia?
A summary of the anatomical and neurological position that governs the prostate gland 1.1.3.
The concordance of initial antibiotics was 40.5%.
Evaluate the TA results TA is rated as successful when: The thrombus pumped into the filter could be seen.
Rarely complication was noted. Synchronized nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation after extubation reduced the cost, the length of stay, and the mortality in preterm infants.
In benign tertiary syphilis, differentiation from other inflammatory mass lesions or ulcers may be difficult without biopsy.
Key words: invasive breast carcinoma, immunohistochemistry, tumor size, histological grade, lymph node metastasis, disease stage
Objectives: Follow-up and evaluate the treatment result of mandibular condylar neck fractures by osteosynthesis via endoscopy-assisted intraoral approach.
Diagnosis of Pneumocystis jirovecii Pneumonia Chest x-ray Pulse oximetry Histopathologic confirmation To diagnose Pneumocystis jirovecii pneumonia, patients should have chest x-ray and assessment of oxygenation by pulse oximetry.
Bone becomes an important buffer after consumption of an acid load.
The nosocomial bloodstream infection prolongs hospital course, increases the risk of morbidity and mortality.
Treatment is surgical removal of the appendix.
But all other factors being equal, these advantages are outweighed by the undisputed health benefits of breastfeeding.
We performed a thorough literature search with regard to COVID-19 vaccines in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
People living with HIV are mainly men (79.3% - 81.9%).
The study method was a randomized controlled clinical intervention study carried out from June 2021 to September 2021, on 63 patients randomly divided into 2 groups: Group I - patients were received postoperative pain relief by PCEA; group II - patients were received postoperative pain by CEI method.
Treatment is generally similar to treatment of nephronophthisis.
The rate of complete heart block was 4.9%.
Lymphoma in the splenic marginal zone, which is uncommon, is often associated with hepatitis C infection (and is important to detect because it can be successfully treated with viral eradication).
The two types both show a citrullin increase in bloodbut are characterized by different clinical features.
The Fourth Industrial Revolution has created many new technological breakthroughs in areas such as artificial intelligence manufacturing, robotics, internet development, 3D printing, and nanotechnology, biotechnology, materials science, energy storage and informatics.
Insulin is secreted as proinsulin, consisting of an alpha chain and beta chain connected by a C peptide. Because pharmaceutical insulin consists only of the beta chain, surreptitious insulin administration can be detected by measuring C-peptide and proinsulin levels.
In the US, outbreaks of M abscessus infection occurred in Georgia (2015) and California (2016).
Genetic factors play a role, and several systemic disorders (eg, hypertension, hypothyroidism) and metabolic disorders (eg, hyperhomocysteinemia) contribute to risk.
Study of the relationship between impair glucose tolerance (igt) and passive nonexercise lifestyle in elderly patients treated at thong nhat hospital from june, 2010 to june, 2011
The sequential therapy and concomitant therapy are also showing the usefulness of these treatments in different populations and effective eradication of Helicobacter Pylori increased when compared with standard regimens.
Chest x-rays usually show irregular, nodular (4 to 10 mm) densities but may also show lobar infiltrates, bilateral bronchopneumonia, or cavitary lesions.
Along with AFP and AFP-L3, PIVKA II has been widely applied in early HCC detection, as this method provides the best diagnostic result with AUROC at 0.86.
After one month of keratectomy, the visual acuity was only improved in 9 eyes (27.3%) and the symptoms were improved in all eyes.
Evaluate the initial results of treatment of finger diseases with surgery at the Thai Nguyen Medicine University Hospital
Application of the erythrocytes index and formulas for screening of hemoglobin trait in an giang hospital
Substantial overlap exists between hypersensitivity pneumonitis and chronic bronchitis in farmers, in whom chronic bronchitis is far more common, occurs independently of smoking status, is linked to thermophilic actinomycete exposure, and leads to findings similar to those of hypersensitivity pneumonitis on diagnostic testing.
The development of science and technology has made it possible for infertile couples or single women to have children by using assisted reproductive technologies.
Patients with 1-gene and 2-gene damages had an average hemoglobin concentration of 93.8±10.4g / l and 92.4±13.5g / l, respectively.
The patient lies in the supine position with the elbow extended and the forearm in neutral rotation.
Keywords: Cerebral infarction, CT scan, Outcome, Bamford classification.
D latum and other Diphyllobothriidae species have aquatic life cycles.
These results indicate that the EtOAc fraction from the leaf of Piper betle L can be used for the prevention and treatment of gout.
Prevalence of HPV 58 is higher in Can Tho compared to that of other countries. Conclusion: In addition to HPV type 16, 18, type 58 should be considered as vaccination at Can tho as well as Vietnam women.
Painting the skin with a mixture of chlorhexidine and alcohol before suturing may reduce skin flora, but the substance should not be introduced into the wound.
González A, Calfío C, Churruca M, Maccioni RB: Alzheimers Res Ther 14 (1): 56, 2022. doi: 10.1186 / s13195 - 022 - 00996 - 8 Symptoms and Signs of Alzheimer Disease Patients with Alzheimer disease have symptoms and signs of dementia.
The control group were treated by isotretinoin 20mg / day.
Keyword: Nutrition requirement; pregnancy; DHA; micronutrients.
Macrophage-derived cytokines (eg, interleukin-1-beta, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interferon-gamma) in patients with infections, inflammatory states, and cancer contribute to the decrease in EPO production and impaired iron availability by increased hepatic hepcidin synthesis.
Vitamin D deficiency is common worldwide.
Conclusion: age of the research subject, number of sexual partners of the study subject and of her husband; Active or passive smoking is a risk factor for HPV infection.
Indications for heart-lung transplantation are Eisenmenger syndrome Any lung disorder with severe ventricular dysfunction likely to be irreversible Cor pulmonale often reverses after lung transplantation alone and is therefore rarely an indication for heart-lung transplantation.
Neither the amount of CSF removed nor a period of recumbency after lumbar puncture affect incidence.
Diagnosis of Burning Mouth Syndrome Clinical evaluation Tests to exclude secondary causes Diagnosis of burning mouth syndrome requires oral symptoms as noted above and the absence of oral signs.
Results: The positive NS1-DEN antigen is 45.45%, in general.
Background: Malaria is a communicable disease and to be a leading killer of the developing countries in tropic and subtrropic areas, especially in Africa.
Daily time spent in moderate and vigorous PA declined from 81 min / day (2004) to 60 min / day (2009) (p<0.01).
Applied behavior analysis therapy is tailored to meet the needs of each child and is typically designed and supervised by professionals certified in behavior analysis.
12 days later, the skin was healed, the face and the head were still deformed a little.
Hormone therapy: Menopausal hormone (estrogen plus a progestin) therapy appears to increase risk modestly after only 3 years of use (8).
The maxillar sinus floor is present in most posterior position at 9 mm from the alveolar crest.
However, the use of noninvasive oxygen support, such as high-flow nasal cannula (HFNC) and noninvasive positive pressure ventilation (NIPPV), for the initial management of acute hypoxemic respiratory failure has increased during the COVID-19 pandemic due to the potential ventilator sparing effects.
Results: The water and 70% ethanol extract (21.60g / kg per oral) reduced the volume of dry granuloma by 55.60% and 58.98% (p<0, 05).
It may appear as an air bronchogram [43].
Optical coherence tomography is also useful to assess severity of macular edema and treatment response.
Conclusion: After using Thanh Đường An doesn't have any unexpected effects about functional symptoms, vital signal index, liver functions (AST, ALT, GGT), renal functions (ure, creatinine) and glycemic.
Pancytopenia in children athematology department, children hospital 1, from 7/2017 to 5/2018: clinico-haematological profiles and bone marrow examination
Method: Cross sectional study, according to the recipe.
Median serum PCT concentration in the neonatal infection early period group (4.3 ng / ml) was higher than that in the uninfected group (p<0.05).
Newborn screening test results should be reviewed for indications of other genetic diseases.
Result: The most colorectal cancers were found in the left colon (39.2%), the majority of colorectal cancers were type 3 (infiltrative ulcer) with 35.8%, adenocarcinoma was predominant (86.7%), mostly moderately differentiated (69.2%).
Cardiovascular risk factors causes atherosclerosis; this process is called "aging" pathology.
Appendicitis is one of the most dangerous conditions and difficult to be diagnosed, and differentiate complicated and non-complicated appendicitis.
Results: The rate of false obstructed tube through hysterosalpingoscopy was 7.1%.
Lesions below T7 may respond sufficiently to pure vasoconstrictors such as phenylephrine.
Abdominal ultrasound with Doppler can evaluate for fatty liver, cirrhosis, biliary issues, and portal and hepatic vein thrombus.
Larger pleural effusions opacify portions of the hemithorax and may cause mediastinal shift; effusions > 4 L may cause complete opacification of the hemithorax and mediastinal shift to the contralateral side.
Exposure assessment of btex compounds among safeguards in underground parking garages in high buildings in Ha Noi
Fluoride (NaF 0.05%) oral rinsing solution for incipient permanent dental caries 3.2.1.
Duration of hospitalization: 6.48 ± 2.61 days.
The mean periodontal indices between the two groups was not statistically significant (p>0.05).
On examination, wheezing manifests mainly on expiration, unless airway narrowing is severe, in which case wheezing can be heard on inspiration.
Monitor and control ICP using sedatives, endotracheal intubation, hyperventilation, hydration, diuretics, measures to control blood pressure, and sometimes corticosteroids.
In cases of punctal or canalicular stenosis, dilation is usually curative.
Table Transient tyrosinemia of the newborn Transient immaturity of metabolic enzymes, particularly 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvic acid dioxygenase, sometimes leads to elevated plasma tyrosine levels (usually in premature infants, particularly those receiving high-protein diets); metabolites may show up on routine neonatal screening for phenylketonuria (PKU).
In the 2006 - 2018 period, 2 groups of drug therapy were applied for initial treatment, in which TDF / ZDV+3TC+EFV / NVP were used the most commonly, at the ratio of 78.9%.
Conclusions: Appropriate dietary therapy helps to improve nutritional status of pediatric PIL patients.
Except for the most minor burns, patients are usually admitted to the hospital for monitoring for systemic toxicity and for any indicated treatments.
The assessment of the results of endodontic by the canal preparation method using nikel titanium rotary protaper
Sometimes the child had not been tested.
Although direct ophthalmoscopy can be used to examine the lens and posterior structures of the eye, indirect ophthalmoscopy, usually done by an ophthalmologist, provides a more detailed and binocular view of these structures.
Notice how gas bubbles can be seen in a circular arrangement and are also seen on the non-dependent portion of the bowel wall (blue arrow).
The criteria do not apply to patients at the end-of-life, when drug therapy decisions are much different.
The study was conducted by analyzing data in book and reports of Bac Giang Tuberculosis and Lung Disease Hospital in the period of 2014 - 2018 to describe the situation of tuberculosis management and treatment in Bac Giang and evaluate the treatment results after 5 years of tuberculosis patients have been managed and treated in Bac Giang province for the period of 2014 - 2018.
Value of cord blood albumin and bilirubin in the prediction of pathological hyperbilirubinemia in preterm neonates.
Application of multiplex QF-PCR in prenatal diagnosis of Hb Bart's hydrops fetalis in Vietnamese patients
The difference of enhancement between the normal gland and the pituitary microadenoma in the different times on dynamic MRI improves the detection of pituitary microadenoma.
Superficial vascular lesions such as port-wine stains may appear red.
The concerns of the patient when have a surgical reconstruction of the thumb duplication are the function and the cosmetic improvement.
Study design: descriptive and cross-sectional study.
The mean levels of periodontal indices decreased after treatment in the two groups with statistical significance, (p<0.001).
Method: Lozenge was prepared by wet granulation method.
Evaluating the effectiveness and side effects of Tolvaptan in the patients with severe acute euvolemic and hypervolemic hyponatremia.
Results: from Mars 2006 to June 2006, we applied this technics for 6 patients, with mean age 60, including 1 female and 5 male patients.
Neurodevelopmental disorders may involve dysfunction in attention, memory, perception, language, problem-solving, or social interaction.
Symptoms of posttraumatic iridocyclitis include tearing, throbbing ache and redness of the eye, photophobia, and blurred vision.
Objective 3: Randomized prospective clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy of combined methotrexate and narrowband UVB phototherapy for psoriasis vulgaris.
If the strings are not visible during pelvic examination, clinicians may do one or more of the following: Use a cytobrush to attempt to sweep the strings out of the cervical canal Gently probe the uterine cavity with an IUD hook, sound, or biopsy instrument (unless pregnancy is suspected), being careful not to push the IUD further into the uterine cavity or myometrium Do ultrasonography If the IUD is not seen, an abdominal x-ray is taken to exclude an intraperitoneal location.
History and physical examination often suggest a cause and direct subsequent testing.
Restricting salt intake may also help because it reduces urine output by reducing solute load.
In women with symptoms suggesting a pelvic disorder or with unexplained fever, pelvic examination is done.
The use of a 3d-printed personalised drill guide for posterior column fixation in transverse acetabular fracture: a case report
Features of myocarditis on children admitted to children’s hospital 2
Uncomplicated contusions are treated with ice packs to inhibit swelling during the first 24 to 48 hours.
Acute malnutrition was 1.7% and chronic malnutrition was 18.3%.
-Weaning and removal balloon process: + When hemodynamics improves well and is stable.
T-test, ANOVA, Mann Whitney, Kruskal Wallis were used to determine the correlation between 2 factors.
Results: The prevalence of undernutrition using anthropometry (BMI<18.5) was 25.2%, higher in gastroenterology patients than that in endocrinology patients (28.9% vs 21.7%).
Results: 10 patiens were identified from 1/2019 to 12/2020/.
However, most thromboemboli develop postpartum and result from vascular trauma during delivery.
The relationship between fasting plasma glucose in 75 grams tolerance test and the needs of insulin therapy among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus in hung vuong hospital
Pathophysiology of Jaundice Most bilirubin is produced when hemoglobin (Hb) is broken down into unconjugated bilirubin (and other substances).
Several flaps have been developed, and the distally pedicled peroneus brevis muscle flap has been proven to be a valid local flap alternative.
Results of surgical treatment in vertically unstable sacral fractures
Time in range rose from 57.2% at baseline to 68.1% at 3 months (P < .05).
Aqueous humor production and flow Fluid is produced in the ciliary body behind the iris (in the posterior chamber), passes into the front of the eye (anterior chamber), and then exits through the drainage canals or the uveoscleral pathway (black arrows).
Neonates with active TB For congenital TB, the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends treatment once / day with INH 10 to 15 mg / kg orally, rifampin 10 to 20 mg / kg orally, pyrazinamide 30 to 40 mg / kg orally, and an aminoglycoside (eg, amikacin —see table Recommended Dosages of Select Aminoglycosides for Neonates).
Results: After 9 months, the lower contracted sockets were 100% successful; the full contracted sockets cases also succeed by 95.2%.
Worldwide, prevalence is greatest in Black American people and ethnic northern European people, especially Scandinavian people.
Public Banks - cord blood from anonymous donors goes to help unrelated patients Private / Family Banks - the child whose cord blood is banked may use it for themselves or a close family member (usually a sibling) Cord Blood banking is a safe, non-invasive way to provide these life-giving cells to your child, your family or those in need.
Insight is one of the most common phenomenon among patients with schizophrenia.
Results: The mean age were 29, 58 ± 2, 91 and 30, 69 ± 2, 44 for case and control groups, separately.
Imaging of heart function during the tests revealed that 58 percent of the participants who took more than 1.5 minutes to climb the stairs had abnormal heart function during exercise.
Prolonged ulceration leads to vocal process granulomas.
Proctologists should be aware of patients with long-standing ano-perianal lesions or patients with other organs tuberculosis associated by ano - perianal diseases.
Object name is MJMS-18 - 1 - 060-g2.jpg Figure 2: Parenchymal haematoma (arrow) seen on contrast-enhanced computed tomography scan as focal hypodense area within the enhanced splenic parenchyma with an intact capsule.
Allografts of adrenal tissue, especially from fetal donors, have also been proposed.
Minor cutaneous abscesses may require only incision and drainage.
Life span is not compromised, stature is normal, and bones are not fragile.
Linitis plastica: The tumor infiltrates the stomach wall with an associated fibrous reaction that causes a rigid "leather bottle" stomach.
Pupils who had fast-food equal or more than 4 times per week were 9% of the sample.
Results: The study is performed in 37 subjects with arterial hypertension and in 37 subjects with type 2 diabetes (study group), 35 healthy subjects (control group).
The most prevalence genotype in C psittaci infected patients were genotype A.
Tdap is routinely given as a single lifetime dose to children at age 11 or 12 years and to people ≥ 13 years who have never received Tdap (regardless of the interval since the last tetanus-diphtheria [Td] vaccine) or whose vaccine status is unknown.
Multiple factors may lead to enlargement of the right atrium and elevated right atrial pressure, such as "atrialized ventricle," tricuspid regurgitation and / or stenosis, abnormal diastolic function, and limited capacity of the effective right ventricle distal to the tricuspid valve origin.
In particular some ethnic groups have a child marriage rate of over 30% such as: Mong 59.7%, Xinh Mun 56.3%, La Ha 52.7%, Gia Rai 42%, Raglay 38.3%, Bru - Van Kieu 38.9%.
In the hospitals in Vietnam Ultra Sound and Radiology to be considered effective methods to diagnose intraocular foreign bodies in the posterior segment for Vietnam economy at present.
It is the 5th leading cause of cancer-related deaths in women and, in the US, will cause an estimated 19, 880 new cases and 12, 810 deaths in 2022 (1).
If cervical spine injury is suspected, jaw thrust, but not head tilt and chin lift, is advised.
However, LP can be difficult to do in a neonate, and there is some risk of the procedure causing hypoxia.
Asymptomatic aneurysms that do not meet criteria for elective surgical or endovascular repair are treated with aggressive blood pressure control using a beta-blocker and other antihypertensives if necessary.
The changes of platelet during brain-dead resuscitation stages.
There are many ways to assess HRV on ECG, but only HRV by frequency spectrum and time domain is widely applicable in clinical practice.
Evaluation of radial morphology changes by 2d echo and color doppler after transradial coronary angiography and angioplasty
The pathogen is rarely identified.
This is a retrospective study of 85 patients with lumbar spondylolisthesis operated by TLIF (47 patients) or MIS TLIF (38 patients).
All patients had a standard set of blood tests, including full blood count, creatinine, C-reactive protein, D-dimer, and serum cortisol.
Chronic care clinics: Patients with the same chronic disease are taught in groups and are visited by a health care professional; this approach can help patients with diabetes achieve better glucose control.
Then, the granular computing is applied to select the highest ability of the disease that the patients can be affected.
Average hand-to-hand distance improvement 11.2 ± 5 cm decreased to 1.27 ± 1.2 cm (p < 0.05).
However, certain patients, including the following, should usually be treated: Children Older people Debilitated patients Patients with moderate to severe disease For adults, the following antibiotic regimens may be used: A fluoroquinolone (such as ciprofloxacin 500 mg orally every 12 hours for 3 to 5 days) Azithromycin 500 mg orally on day 1 and 250 mg once a day for 4 days Ceftriaxone 2 g / day IV for 5 days For children, the following antibiotic regimens may be used: Ceftriaxone 50 mg / kg (maximum 1.5 g) IV once a day for 5 days Azithromycin 10 to 12 mg / kg orally as a single dose on day 1, followed by 6 mg / kg (maximum 250 mg) once a day for 4 days Many Shigella isolates are likely to be resistant to ampicillin, trimethoprim / sulfamethoxazole (TMP / SMX), and tetracyclines, but patterns of resistance vary by geographic region.
14/14 underwent subxiphoid pericardiostomy with local anesthesia and suvived surgery. However, 2 died in postoperative period.
Suspect iron poisoning in mixed ingestions (because iron is ubiquitous) and in small children with access to iron and unexplained metabolic acidosis or severe or hemorrhagic gastroenteritis.
Background: According to WHO (World Health Organization), there are about 150 million of children with pneumonia.
Patients with hemoglobinopathies and congenital hemolytic anemias now typically live into adulthood, so complications of iron overload are now common and clinically important.
Recording Apgar scores and neonatal health.
Affects Cell Growth When a group of Danish ninth graders experienced difficulty concentrating after sleeping with their cell phones by their head, they performed an experiment to test the effect of wireless Wi-Fi routers on garden cress.
If patients have multiple disorders, treatments (eg, bed rest, surgery, drugs) must be well-integrated; treating one disorder without treating associated disorders may accelerate decline.
Because T3 is tightly bound to TBG (although 10 times less so than T4), total serum T3 levels are influenced by alterations in serum TBG level and by drugs that affect binding to TBG.
Patients were divided into two groups: Group 1 was the patient who used phenobarbital at the local health drugs taken at the Bach Mai Hospital.
Emotional growth and the acquisition of social skills are assessed by watching children interact with others in everyday situations.
Results: operative time occupies from 80 to 260 minutes, mean time 195, 3 ± 40, 1.
Nutrition status in children with congenital heart disease before and after surgery, the children’s hospital 1, vietnam
Patients typically require TPN and intensive monitoring of fluid and electrolytes (including calcium and magnesium).
Patients who applied the method of late in artery had the ability to detect cancer 1.95 times higher than patients applying the dynamic CT method (p>0.05).
Conclusion: two directions Photobed, made in Tu Du hospital, has a good efficacy in treatment the neonatal jaundice.
Advanced stage-lung cancer normally develops brain metastasis.
Table Amenorrhea may result from undernutrition and is an important manifestation of celiac disease in young women.
Disadvantages of Isotretinoin (Accutane) Isotretinoin can cause birth defects in the developing fetus of a pregnant woman.
Patients successfully resuscitated after cardiac arrest were 64.7% but the rate of death (44, 1%) and withdraw of treatment (31.4%).
Infants usually adapt to a day-night sleep schedule between 4 months and 6 months.
Subacromial bursitis (inflammation, swelling, and fibrosis of the bursal area above the rotator cuff) commonly results from tendinitis of the cuff.
The T2 and T3 sympathetic ganglions were cut and removed with electrocautery.
Elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate: 49 mm/1st.
Besides, all discharged patients were free from pneumonia and malnutrition, pressure ulcer ratio was lowered to 1% and 42% of those with hyperglycemia achieved normal glycemic index and no longer required insulin.
There are no widely accepted guidelines on other testing for patients without such focal abnormal findings.
A drug history should include details concerning prescription and illicit drug use as well as alcohol.
Methods: The prospective, descriptive cross-sectional study was performed.
Design and implemetation of Seanuts in Viet Nam.
Bullae usually do not rupture, but those that do often rapidly heal.
Methods: An observational prospective study was performed on 300 patients from June 2012 to April 2013 in corneal department of Ho Chi Minh city Eye Hospital.
The schedule classification determines how a substance must be controlled.
He was in palliative care and died afterward due to severe infection.
Keyword: Pesticides, occupational health safety.
Characteristic of drug addicts and substitutive methadone treatment in long thanh district, 2015 – 2016
The neonate may pass a small amount of meconium initially but thereafter does not pass stools.
Persistent cerebrospinal fluid rhinorrhoea following misdiagnosis of malignant tumor - A case report
Sciatica left accounted for the highest percentage (42.4%).
However, SSRIs are only marginally effective for depression and anxiety in patients with borderline personality disorder.
Patients should be instructed to discard the drugs when they expire.
Results: The results showed that: Tai-stroke occurs in both men and women, women more than men, the incidence of stroke increases with age, particularly from age 50 upwards.
Congenital and infantile nephrotic syndromes are generally rare inherited defects in glomerular filtration.
All of them were predicted preoperation with MSCT and echocardiography. Conclusion: MSCT and echocardiography help to provide usefull information about aortic valve morphology, evaluate surgery indication, predict of operative result, intraoperative assessment and post operative follow up.
Leg veins (eg, dorsal digital veins and the greater saphenous vein inferoanterior to the medial malleolus) or external jugular veins may be used if upper extremity veins are inaccessible.
Gestational trophoblastic disease is considered low risk if it is one of the following: FIGO stage I (persistently elevated beta-hCG level and / or tumor confined to the uterus) FIGO stage II or III with a WHO risk score of ≤ 6 Gestational trophoblastic disease is considered high risk if it is one of the following: FIGO stages II and III with a WHO risk score of > 6 FIGO stage IV After remission of gestational trophoblastic neoplasia (normalization of hCG levels), hCG levels should be measured at 2-week intervals during the first 3 months, then at monthly intervals for at least 12 months.
It is clear that daily spontaneous breathing trials on a T-piece reduce the duration of mechanical ventilation compared with gradual reduction of the respiratory rate using synchronized intermittent mandatory ventilation (SIMV).
Keyword: Gau 1+ Active Protection, probiotics, children growth, IgA, diarrhea.
Palpable purpura is considered the hallmark of leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
There for nutrition education as well as development of comprehensive care models for reproductive-aged women, pregnant women and children is essential for the reduction of malnutrition among under 5 children in Lao Cai in this period.
Proportion of comorbidities and functional impairments in elderly people with chronic heart failure at thongnhathospital
Efficacy of praziquantel against clonorchis sinensis with 75mg/kg/24h dose in some areas of Northern Vietnam
Other tests may include serum glucose and calcium (with albumin for estimation of protein-free calcium levels) if the voiding diary suggests polyuria, electrolytes if patients are confused, and vitamin B12 levels if clinical findings suggest a neuropathy.
Results of surgery for cervical cancer FIGO IB1-IIA1 at Viet Nam national cancer hospital
V parahaemolyticus, V mimicus, and V hollisae usually cause food-borne outbreaks of diarrhea, typically involving inadequately cooked seafood (usually shellfish).
Eosinophilic Gastritis Extensive infiltration of the mucosa, submucosa, and muscle layers with eosinophils often occurs in the antrum.
Conclusion: Within the limits of this study, the results suggested that inner canthal distance, interalar width can be respectively used as a preliminary guide for determining the width of the maxillary central incisor during the initial selection of artificial teeth in the absence of pre-extraction records with biometric ratios of 0.24 and 0.21.
73.9% of cases presented muscle weakness, primarily proximal extremities.
14 days after grafting, the wound area, neoepithelium length, and area of newly formed capillaries in the wound bed were evaluated.
Lesions are most prominent in cold weather and sometimes abate in the summer.
Health management is not just about management of medical expertise, but comprehensive management, including the management of resources such as finance, human resources, material resources and infrastructure.
Mandibular dislocation usually occurs in people with a history of such dislocation.
Although serious, these events are extremely rare compared to COVID-19 infection and complications.
It is necessary to do further studies to evaluate cost effectiveness of this for more convincing evidences of using single use tube.
There was a significant relationship between stress and gender, present of commorbidities. (p<0.05).
Development of a mouse model for interferon and ribavirin induced neutropenia
One of the risk factors is the metabolic syndrome (MS).
Therefore, testing of Angelica sinensis to confirm the quality and efficiency of functional foods are also essential for protection of consumers' interest.
Foreign bodies of organic origins are particularly dangerous.
Then the NRS score increased on day 2 with an average of 2.4 ± 2.4 and decreased to day 3 with an average of 2.3 ± 0.8.
Activities of scientific research of health section of the province achieve effectiveness according to criteria suggested.
Antibiotic treatment Although most cases of community-acquired acute sinusitis are viral and resolve spontaneously, previously many patients were given antibiotics because of the difficulty in clinically distinguishing viral from bacterial infection.
Atrial thrombi are more likely in the atrial appendages, where they are best detected by transesophageal rather than transthoracic echocardiography.
The rate intraventricular hemorrhage was 55, 55%, Graeb score 1 - 4 point was 64%.
There were 44-rotation autograft and 46 bare sclera performed on 86 eyes, 90 pterygiums of 79 patients.
The following may occur: Relapsing uveitis or iridocyclitis (most common) often manifests as pain, photophobia, and red eye.
The objective of the study was to report two relapsing polychondritis cases, describe diagnostic characteristics for early diagnosis and treatment.
Conclusion: This survey showed a significant increase in functional disorders in postmenopausal women related to serum estradiol, confirming the need of appropriate intervention to improve their quality of life.
Methods and participants: Observational prospective study in patients with serum sodium concentration lower than 130 mmol / L treated in the ICU of Cho Ray hospital from Sep 1, 2016 to Jan. 31, 2017.
Subsequently, it is given every 8 weeks.
Often, no cause can be found.
The most common chief complaint was bloody stools (68.1%).
Conclusion: A total of 28 patients with varicose veins were treated with ClariVein technique, an average age of 52 years, female accounted for 71.4%.
Subjects and methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study of 105 patients with tuberculosis of the peripheral lymph nodes from June 1, 2020 to June 30, 2021 who underwent surgical curettage to clear inflammation and remove pus., take tissue necrosis and test LPA, MGIT (bactec), histopathology.
Various societies have endorsed the continued use of ACEi / ARBs based on the lack of evidence of harm (Table 2).
Conclusion: Lateral antebrachial cutaneous flap is effective way on coverage of short skin defect of hand with simple technique of harvest.
The mean beam-on time for the 6MV and 10MV plans were 96.38 ± 12.36 and 88.55 ± 8.56 seconds, respectively.
Periodic limb movement disorder is characterized by repetitive (usually every 20 to 40 seconds) twitching or kicking of the lower extremities during sleep.
Pleural effusion accounted for the majority (75%); yellow fluid was the main color (61.3%); the volume of fluid less than or equal to 250ml accounted for the highest percentage (65.7%).
Cause of VAP: Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter were the most common causes, with 31% and 35%.
Set of 3 multiplex PCR only detects 25 exons and some exons cannot be found by this set. Conclusion: MLPA helps to rapid detection all deletions of DMD gene and is prominent to multiplex PCR.
Alveolar and interstitial cells remain normal.
(See also Male Hypogonadism in Children.)
Lesions are sometimes biopsied to exclude melanocytic proliferation (eg, nevus, solar lentigo, melanoma) or other tumors.
Mitochondrial Oxidative Phosphorylation Disorders By Matt Demczko, MD, Mitochondrial Medicine, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Reviewed / Revised Oct 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education More Information Impairment of oxidative phosphorylation often, but not always, causes lactic acidosis, particularly affecting the central nervous system, retina, and muscle.
As blood sugar drops, less is released.
Evaluate the clinicopathological and nodal metastasis characteristics of medullary thyroid cancer.
Pericoronitis treatment consists of Removal of debris from under the gingival flap Rinses with saline, 1.5% hydrogen peroxide, or 0.12% chlorhexidine Extraction (particularly when episodes recur) If severe infection develops, antibiotics may be given for a day before extraction and continued during healing.
The patient was performed a middle lobectomy of the right lung.
The drug is most effective if given within 8 hours of acetaminophen ingestion.
Hypoxemia got better after 24 - 48 hours of mechanical ventilation through improved PaO2, PaO2/FiO2, AaDO2, OI.
Posterior Achilles Tendon Bursitis By Kendrick Alan Whitney, DPM, Temple University School of Podiatric Medicine Reviewed / Revised Oct 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Topic Resources How to Examine the Foot How To Examine the Ankle Posterior Achilles tendon bursitis is inflammation of a bursa that forms in response to shoe pressure and is located at the top edge of the posterior shoe counter between the skin and Achilles tendon.
Result: Between April and December 2018, 20 patients were recruited (7 males and 13 females, the mean age 35.9 ± 15.4 years).
Types of irrigating solution in transurethral resection of prostate 1.2.4.1.
And cardiovascular disease must be checked in type 2 diabetes with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT).
Plant powder was observed by a microscope.
In China, you can major in Bra Studies In Hong Kong, you can get a degree in Bra Studies from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University where they teach you how to design and build a bra.
Mdct angiography of renal arteries: normal anatomy and variants.
Find the relationship between microalbuminuria and target organ damage in hypertension: Heart and Blood vessels.
Extracellular potassium concentration is 3.5 to 5 mEq / L (3.5 to 5 mmol / L).
We report a novel mutation in CYP17A1 gene and its association with the pathogenesis of 17-OHD.
Six parathyroid tumors at the late stage were detected at the Center for Traumatology and Orthopaedics, Hochiminh City.
Patients often delay seeking treatment, allowing bacteria to multiply.
From January 1996 to December 1997, 165 patients with the diagnosis of TF with pulmonary stenosis underwent complete surgical repair at the Heart Institute of HoChiMinh city. There were 105 male anh 60 female patients, with age varying from 1 to 41 years (mean ±SD, 10, 4±7, 6).
Oral levonorgestrel and ulipristal emergency contraception should be taken as soon as possible and within 120 hours of unprotected intercourse.
Because meningitis can be serious and lumbar puncture is a safe procedure, lumbar puncture should usually be done if there is any suspicion of meningitis.
45.8% of Thalassemia patients had Thalassemia expression and were more common in β-Thalassaemia patients than in α-Thalassaemia patients with this difference having statistical significance (p<0.05).
Only the 6 years old group achieved RDA in calcium intake, other groups consumed calcium in very low level compared to RDA.
Clinically, the symptoms and physical symptoms after treatment were significantly reduced.
The results showed that the proportion of high school students in Hanoi experiencing stress disorders during the COVID-19 epidemic was relatively high at 21.0%.
Address any treatable causes and give desmopressin, a synthetic analog of vasopressin.
Lack of normal bronchial tapering can result in visible medium-sized bronchi extending almost to the pleura.
Minor complications included pneumothorax (58%), nausea - vomiting (11%); there were two major complications with one severe pneumothorax and one bar displacement. Conclusions: despite this is a new surgery in Vietnam, we can apply it widely. Because of some reasons: pectus axcavatum is the most common chest wall deformities in children; the procedure is safe; cosmetic results were excellent and patient satisfaction was high.
Virus was also inactivated after 3 minutes after 5 exposure at 70 °C.
Hydroxychloroquine can also control symptoms of mild rheumatoid arthritis.
The treatment response rate for mild exacerbation was 100%, moderate exacerbation was 55.8%, severe exacerbation was 94%.
Occasionally, particularly when the spinal canal is congenitally narrow (< 10 mm), osteoarthritis leads to stenosis of the canal and bony impingement on the cord, causing compression and myelopathy (functional disturbance of the spinal cord).
Our rate of biliary strictures is lower than that of Vo Dai Dung with 13/43 patients having strictures (30.23%).
Relevant Anatomy for Nasopharyngeal Airway Aligning the external auditory canal with the sternal notch may help open the upper airway and establishes the best position to view the airway if endotracheal intubation becomes necessary.
Results: in 35 cases of gastric cardia cancer, 26 men and 9 women, the average age was 61.5 ± 11.2, total gastrectomy was 25/35 (71.4%), Sweet surgery was 7/35 (20.0%), Lewis Santy surgery 2.9%, percutaneous gastrostomy was 5.7%, postoperative complication rate was 11.6%, no death, esophagus section having no cancer cells was 23/31 (74.2%), and cancer cells was 8/31 (25.8%), the average survival after surgery is 23.1 ± 3, 1month, 24 months after surgery, there were 16 patients still alive (49.7%), in 36 months there were 10 patients still alive (28.5%).
The objectives of this study to evaluate the clinical effectiveness of this regimen for patients with metastatic breast cancer and the impact on the quality of life of patients.
The most common symptoms of anxiety are dry mouth and avoidance.
Extensive clinical workup is required to attempt to identify the specific etiology.
Research on some factors affecting the enzymatic hydrolyzation of moringa oleifera leaves.
These changes occur in many normal, continent older people and may facilitate incontinence but do not cause it.
Keyword: Camellia sinnensis, tea, traceability, barcode number, product label.
The average survival time was 29.98 ± 2.54 months, the 1 and 3-years overall survival rates were 79.2% and 39.5% respectively.
Treatment Supportive care Supportive care is the mainstay of treatment for patients in a vegetative state or minimally conscious state; it should include the following: Preventing systemic complications due to immobilization (eg, pneumonia, urinary tract infection, thromboembolic disease) Providing good nutrition Preventing pressure ulcers Providing physical therapy to prevent limb contractures Vegetative state has no specific treatment.
We used small field endodontic CBCT film - a new imaging technique to overcome the problem of overlapping structures on periapicalfilm and minimize radiation dose, safe for patients.
One can extrapolate from the chronic pancreatitis consensus guidelines and consider screening yearly with either fasting glucose or HbA1c [23, 60].
Conclusion: Using Aclasta for treatment of osteoporosis after femoral head fracture surgery reduce the incidence of new fractures and T-score improvement in patients with femoral head fractures accompany with osteoporosis, especially in elderly patients.
Results of operation assessed by abdominal ultrasound was seen the decreasing of diameter of renal pelvis on 9/9 cases and no patients had any clinical symptoms persistent.
Results: 100% of donors experience no contrast-induced artifacts in renal parenchyme.
Untreated, the vertebrae may collapse, possibly impinging on the spinal cord.
Vasospasm occurs in 50% of patients on day 6 to day 8 after symptom onset detected by transcranial doppler ultrasound.
Children < 8 years are given penicillin G 25, 000 units / kg IV every 6 hours.
Outcomes of endoscopic cauterization of the sphenopalatine artery to control epistaxis at cho ray hospital from 04/2016 to 07/2017
Emergency symptoms include convulsions.
Deferasirox 35 - 50mg / kg/24h combined with blood transfusion ensures Hb > 100 g / l no increase in iron overload and heart failure complications in patients beta thalassemia.
Objectives: To assess the effectiveness of analgesic and side effects of intrathecal morphine combined with bupivacaine after laparoscopic colorectal surgery.
Because PET incorporates positron-emitting radionuclides into metabolically active compounds, it can provide information about tissue function.
Efficiency of intervention on improving the regulation implement of the sanitation conditions of the food and drink processing bases in Hai Ba Trung district, Hanoi in period of 2013-2014
To evaluate the effectiveness of an educational intervention on knowledge about preventing exposures to blood and body fluids among nursing student in Nam Dinh University of Nursing.
The patients were carefully evaluated and stable treatment before surgery.
Histologically, most of polyps are adenomatous polyps, with the highest rate of tubuloadenomatous polyps (95.4%).
In Japan, Ishiguo and partners (2011) after monitoring 20, 797 patients that are infected by HCV in 11.8 years, they conclude that the risk to get HCC with HCV genotype 1 was 3.86 times higher than genotype 2 (95% CI: 1.73 - 8.62).
Mood disorders are categorized as Bipolar Depressive Anxiety and related disorders, although not classified as mood disorders, often precede or coexist with them.
Retroperitoneal laparoscopic ureterolithotmy using two trocar for the managing lumbar ureteral stone:first report of four cases
Glomerular necrosis and acute interstitial nephritis accounted for 53, 6% and 49, 5%, respectively; which could be the accompanied lesions due to its presence of less than 50% of glomeruli or less than 50% of inflammed area of tubules.
Although the COVID 19 vaccine has not been specifically evaluated in pregnant women, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that COVID-19 vaccines not be withheld from pregnant women who meet the criteria for vaccination based on the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommended priority groups.
Results of root canaltreatment First and second maxillary molars, by Thermafil technique using CBCT.
Among birth defects, congenital heart disease is the leading cause of infant mortality.
Additionally, obesity can increase the risk of serious complications during pregnancy.
Macrolide resistance in M pneumoniae has been reported in > 80% of isolates in China and Japan.
Characteristic of eeg & imaging in local epilepsy patients
Discharge may cause the eyes to crust overnight.
Stress ulcer is common in critically ill patients.
Keywords: Health situation, fishermen, offshore fishing, Nghean.
Subject and method: 30 patients on early stage hypopharyngeal cancer had operated at ENT Surgery Department, Vietnam National Cancer Hospital from October 2020 to June 2022.
Complications are usually medication-related (eg, respiratory depression); procedural complications (eg, aspiration, perforation, significant bleeding) are less common.
With help of the Sponsor Association for Poor Patients in HCMC and our colleagues from Europe and America, more than 70% benefited the surgery without or less implants cost payment.
Subject and method: 70 patients aged from 18 to 80 years old, ASA I, II, were blocked ultrasound-guided popliteal sciatic with 20ml bupivacain 0.25% and adrenalin 1/200.000, categorized into 2 groups.
Exposure to PTFE fume due to overheating of Teflon® cookware in home kitchens has resulted in polymer fume fever in people and has been fatal to pet birds.
Chemotherapy is not required before surgical resection for the treatment of low-grade parosteal osteosarcoma.
To identify the needs for home care services among patients after stroke in Hue city and explore the factors affecting them.
Most athletes do not require extensive testing, although ECG is often warranted.
Type TNP has Ki67 index increasing from low Ki67 to high Ki67.
The antibiotics susceptible with carbapenem resistant P aeruginosa and A baumannii are Colistin, Polymyxin B and Cefoperazone / Sulbactam.
Objectives: Pancreatico-duodenal injury in blunt abdominal trauma was an uncommon but management of pancreatic trauma was still a persistent challenge.
Postpartum Pyelonephritis By Julie S Moldenhauer, MD, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Reviewed / Revised Jan 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Diagnosis Treatment Pyelonephritis is bacterial infection of the renal parenchyma.
The prevalence of hypertension was positively increased with age groups in both sexes and was highest among the age group of 50 years old or higher.
Primary cardiac compromise may also be an indication for ECMO.
Case study: YAG - Holmium laser sialendoscopy treatment of parotid sialolithiasis with ultrasound-assisted
Reality of acute diarrhea caused by unsafe food in Cam Pha city, Quang Ninh in 2013
* On endoscopic image: the discharge of the ostiomeatal unit (84.1%).
Keyword: Nutritional status, related factors, children under 5.
79.49% cases had anterior loop 2.4 mm in length.
The term sick building syndrome has been used to refer to illnesses that occur in clusters within a building, but this term is falling out of favor and is being replaced by building-related illness.
Conclusion: A research on 21 cases of acute ischemic stroke within 4, 5 hours treated by low dose intravenous alteplase in Central E Hospital, showed that the safety and outcome were equivalent to results of domestic studies.
Although some people have required intensive care, data from short-term follow-up studies suggest that symptoms usually resolved with conservative management.
Good attitude increase from 16.7% to 61.4%.
Initial tests typical detect any one of at l3 common high-risk types.
Theoretical values: Inhaled anesthesia using sevoflurane through laryngeal mask ensures good ventilation without CO2 stagnation, good oxygen exchange and does not affect circulation even in preterm infant with chronic lung disease.
Fluoroquinolones have traditionally been considered to be contraindicated in children because they may cause cartilage lesions if growth plates are open.
The physician should explain the laboratory findings and the nature of the problem and describe how the pain is generated and how the patient perceives it (ie, there may be a tendency to feel pain at times of stress).
Constructing a method for determination of vitamin b1, b2, b3 and b6 in milk powder having micronutrient supplement
Women were more willingness to pay than the men. Parents, who were not farmers, were more willingness to pay than the farmers.
Secondary causes are far more common than primary causes and include all of the following: Chronic infections (including hepatitis C infection) and other inflammatory states Hematologic and other cancers Hyperthyroidism Malabsorption Undernutrition (including that accompanying chronic alcohol use) The unexpected finding of low cholesterol or low LDL-C in a patient not taking a lipid-lowering drug should prompt a diagnostic evaluation, including measurements of AST (aspartate aminotransferase), ALT (alanine aminotransferase), and thyroid-stimulating hormone; a negative evaluation suggests a possible primary cause.
Outcome of multilayer amniotic membrane transplantation for treatment of traumatic corneal perforations
The infection begins as an erythematous patch, which develops into small pustules that join together, eventually forming crusty yellow blisters (bullae).
Key words: Bi Syndrome, weather, atmospheric pressure, traditional medicine
During the average follow-up time of 36.6± 14.2 months, the recurrence rate of IE was 17.8% 1 Conclusion: surgical treatment of left-sided infective endocarditis is still a great challenge, the early recurrence and motality rate are high.
Objectives: The aim of this study is to determine the analgesic efficacy of 200mg Nimesulide comparing it with 1000mg of Paracetamol for post-operative pain relief in patients undergoing third molar surgery.
Results: The calibration curves of 7 points were fitted percentage of deviation (Dev%) < 4% and R2 equivalent to 1.
Methods: cross-sectional descriptive study, conducted using 227 patients who had the diagnosis of heart failure in the cardiovascular department of Cho Ray hospital, Ho Chi Minh City from April 2010 to August 2010.
Some people with mild hearing loss limited to high frequencies are most comfortably fitted with postauricular aids and completely open ear canals.
Objective: To investigate clinical features and paraclinical in with community - acquired acute bacterial meningitis.
If invasive cancer (FIGO stage IA2 or higher) is diagnosed, pregnancy should be managed in consultation with a gynecologic oncologist.
Give supplemental vitamin D and / or sodium bicarbonate and restrict potassium and phosphate as needed.
Obese children had a higher risk of peripheral airway obstruction thannon - obese group (OR= 2, 86; KTC 95%: 1, 23 - 6, 66).
Other common respiratory pathogens include Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, Achromobacter xylosoxidans, and Aspergillus species.
This study was subjected to assess the genetic diversity of Condonopsis javanica (Blume) Hook f. germplasm in Vietnam for the purposes of conservation and its breeding for planting expansion.
Key Points Vitamin A toxicity can be caused by ingesting high doses of vitamin A —acutely (usually accidentally by children) or chronically (eg, as megavitamin therapy or treatment for skin disorders).
In extreme cases, children may benefit from an anxiolytic such as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI—see table Medications for Long-Term Treatment of Anxiety and Related Disorders).
This useful video will show you how your lungs work when you do physical execises.
Hirschsprung Enterocolitis (Toxic Megacolon) Hirschsprung enterocolitis is a life-threatening complication of Hirschsprung disease resulting in a grossly enlarged colon, often followed by sepsis and shock.
Immunocompetent adults ≥ 50 years should be given recombinant zoster vaccine whether they have had herpes zoster or not.
This indicators were compared at times before nebuliser (T1) and after nebuliser 15 minute (T2), 30 minute (T3), 60 minute (T4).
Even patients with mild to moderate renal insufficiency may have no symptoms despite elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and creatinine.
The mortality rate in the group of children infected with Gram-negative bacteria was 40.9%, in the group with Grampositive and fungal infection were 12.1% and 50%.
Evaluating the effectiveness of nursing care in newborn with respiratory distress at the neonatal ward, pediatric department, hue central hospital.
Perous bone cholesteatoma: diagnostic and treatment challenges
Prospective analysis of clinical aspect and pathology of 9 orbital meningiomas after operation at cho ray hospital
Conclusions: Rate of urological complications following renal transplantation was low.
Bacterial prostatitis can be acute or chronic and is usually caused by typical urinary pathogens (eg, Klebsiella, Proteus, Escherichia coli) and possibly by Chlamydia.
Influences of osteoarthritis on activities of daily living of patients with osteo arthritis at Giao thong Hospital in 2021
Sample testing was always run with triple dilutions of standard, the HBV DNA quantitations were analysed by Stratagene software and calculated in number of copies per ml of serum sample.
Conclusion: The concentration of serum uric acid and serum cholesterol / triglycerides shows weak correlation. Keywords: serum uric acid; serum cholesterol; serum triglycerides.
feeding for 1.1 ± 0.3 days and took 16.8 ± 4.8 days to regain birth weight.
High-altitude cerebral edema (HACE) causes headache, ataxia, and encephalopathy.
Clinical features of idiopathic scoliosis.
In Ho Chi Minh City, a survey of 360 graduated students and doctors working in the district and commune showed the result that 95% of them have difficulty when explaining to patients and their relatives about some diseases with poor prognosis; 76.4% never had endotracheal intubation, nor was it directed on the model; 17.4% had performed simple skills such as pleural screening, peritoneal dialysis.
The overall satisfaction rate of patients about the ability to access information in level 4 was 9.14%, level 5 was 89.41%, the transparency of information and medical examination procedures in level 4 was 12.72%, level 5 was 82.86%, the material facilities to serve patients at level 4 was 14.10%, level 5 was 83.75%, the behavior attitude in the treatment, professional qualificationof medical staff's at level 4 was 12.20%, level 5 was 86.58%, the service responseresults at level 4 was 15.23%, level 5 was 84.77%.
No cases stopped treatment due to medication side effects.
Morphology of the pulmonary vascular blood supply in children with pulmonary atresia and ventricular septal defect (pa-vsd) on cineangiography
Thus, patients should have periodic clinical evaluations, including echocardiography and sometimes exercise testing, to determine the optimal time for valve replacement.
Premixed commercial rehydration solutions are readily available in many pharmacies and supermarkets.
Conclusion: LUTS were frequent in aged people.
- Difference of spine rib angle.
The MacNab criteria was evaluated at the final follow-up.
Postural tremors suggest physiologic or essential tremor if onset is gradual; it suggests a toxic or metabolic disorder if onset is sudden.
Bacterial culture was positive in 100% cases.
'What is very clear, 'says Dr Jebb,' is that overweight people actually burn off more energy.
Diagnose vulvar cancer by biopsy, and stage it surgically.
Reserve hysterectomy for women who have completed childbearing or who prefer a definitive procedure.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy, which is not as well-suited for operative cholangiography or common duct exploration, can be done electively after ERCP and sphincterotomy.
Objectives: To determine the proportion of using functional foods of women to examine at the health center of Tuy An district, Phu Yen province in 2017 Methods: This is a cross sectional descriptive study, using questionnaires to directly interview 373 women who came to the health center of Tuy An district, Phu Yen province in 2017 Results: The proportion of using functional foods was 23.1%, in which 87% of women were satisfied with efficiency of functional foods and 52.3% of women were going to continue to use functional foods.
Women insert and remove the ring themselves; no fitting by a physician is required.
Objective: The objective of this study was to evaluate the air contamination after the pre-procedural use of antiseptic mouthwash at the dental clinics.
The compliance rates differ among clinical departments, the highest rates are seen in Recovery and Urology Departments.
Objective: to describe epidermiologic, clinical charateristics and results in management of pulmonary hypertension in neonates.
Entrance into the subarachnoid space is often accompanied by a discernible pop; the stylet is withdrawn to allow CSF to flow out.
Materials and methods: a cross-sectional descriptive study on a total of 4544 newborns at Can Tho City Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital in 2021 - 2022.
We confirm that ZAP 70 is the strongest prognosis factor to differentiate CLL subgroups in their survival.
Measured vital sign at interval of 6 - 12 hour was 66.7%.
Keywords: Brugada syndrome, inherited, gene mutation, SCN5A
She was managed conservatively with uneventful recovery.
Nelson syndrome Nelson syndrome occurs when the pituitary gland continues to expand after bilateral adrenalectomy, causing a marked increase in the secretion of ACTH and its precursors and resulting in severe hyperpigmentation.
The review found slightly decreased cardiovascular mortality but no difference in the number of strokes or arrhythmias.
71.4% of new urethra were totally reconstructed.
Bisphosphonates or RANKL inhibitors (eg, denosumab) may help relieve pain.
Assessing the relationship between hypersensitive c reactive protein (hs-crp) concentration with the recovery ability in acute cerebral infarction
Stable And the report said studies had shown those who are in a stable relationship, of either the same or opposite sex, enjoyed some health benefits.
Proportion of tumor located in midbrain, pons and medulla oblongata is: 26.7%, 60%, 13.3% respectively. Low grade and high grade gliomas account for 26.7%, 73.3%, respectively.
Cardiac auscultation should note the rate and regularity of the rhythm as well as any murmurs or extra heart sounds that might indicate underlying valvular or structural heart disease.
In those, there are many smaller subtypes of the EGFR Exon 20 Insertion mutation.
Research methods: experimental clinical study without a control process and prospective.
The breasts are palpated for masses and evidence of lymphadenopathy in the axillary or supraclavicular region.
These three bacteria, together with M tuberculosis and other less common mycobacteria, are known as the Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex.
Phencyclidine (PCP, also known as angel dust) and memantine (used to treat Alzheimer disease) bind to NMDA receptors.
Convenient sampling method.
Diagnose HLH if the patient has at least 5 of 8 published diagnostic criteria or if the patient has a known mutation associated with HLH.
Clinicians must weigh potential benefits and risks of therapy in each patient.
Maintaining excellent dental health and avoiding dental explants and implants are important to minimize the risk of this complication.
Due to low socioeconomic status, we suggest there should be adequate policies to cut cost in lab tests, drugs and dairy products for children.
Factors associated with major bleeding events included systolic blood pressure, Killip classification, hemoglobin concentration and estimated glomerular filtration rate.
Candida species are commensal organisms that inhabit the gastrointestinal (GI) tract and sometimes the skin (see etiology of mucocutaneous candidiasis).
Background and Research purposes: Disabilities after stroke not only bring pressure but also burdens on countries and patient's families.
Animal studies suggest cloning is much more likely than natural methods to result in defects that are lethal or cause serious health problems.
To do this, the authors conducted CT scans through pulmonary nodules at different times including before the injection of contrast and after injection of contrast at the scan time 25 - 30 seconds, 1 minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes and 4 minutes (performing scans at 1 minute intervals after injection) to determine the infiltration peak and drug clearance of the lesion.
Evaluating results: After 20 days with the following criterias: clinical symptoms (basic lesions), pain symptoms, treatment results (good, quite good, moderate, bad), unexpected effects (redness of the skin, itching and dryness of the skin).
Usually, however, the onset and resolution of pain is very rapid with each episode.
Nebulized albuterol and oral or injectable corticosteroids may relieve bronchospasm and bronchial inflammation.
Those who have heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) are typically treated with renin-angiotensin system inhibitors (ACE inhibitors, ARBs, or angiotensin receptor-neprilysin inhibitors [ARNIs]) whether or not they have albuminuria, since these drugs reduce mortality and morbidity in the setting of HFrEF.
Methods: The study method was retrospective, descriptive.
In 2000, femtosecond laser was applied in making flaps.
The research consists of 360 patients, among them there are 180 persons are of the group old age people compared to 180 patients who are under 60 years at Cho Ray Hospital from 9 / 2009 to 6 / 2010.
Although AR caused by cotton dust (CD) has a relatively high incidence rate and heavy influence on workers health, there are few researches on this problem.
Study of the thoracic aortic diameters is very important to find the diagnostic criteria and the optimized treatment of aortic diseases, especially aneurysms of the Thoracic Aorta in Viet Nam.
Treatment of HHS IV 0.9% saline Correction of any hypokalemia IV insulin (as long as serum potassium is ≥ 3.3 mEq / L [≥ 3.3 mmol / L]) Treatment consists of IV saline, correction of hypokalemia, and IV insulin (1, 2).
Patients with the deletion 5q syndrome, refractory anemia, or refractory anemia with ringed sideroblasts are less likely to progress to the more aggressive forms.
Epithelial cells that line excretory passages (eg, renal tubules, mammary ducts) release urokinase, which is the physiologic activator of fibrinolysis in these channels.
Pathogens are 58.2% fungal, 39.4% bacterial 2.4% viral, ACM, microsporidia.
Symptoms and signs in some patients are limited to blue sclerae (due to a deficiency in connective tissue allowing the underlying vessels to show through) and musculoskeletal pain due to joint hypermobility.
Such patients also should be evaluated for atherosclerosis risk factors by using History and physical examination Fasting lipid profile Plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) levels Patients with documented disease at one site (eg, peripheral arteries) should be evaluated for disease at other sites (eg, coronary and carotid arteries).
- Generic drugs in Groups 3 and 4 have a higher number of items and a higher value for DD compared to FD.
In these patients, arterial bruits and right / left or upper extremity / lower extremity discrepancies in pulses or in blood pressure (BP) also suggest the diagnosis.
Treatment is with a terminal complement inhibitor such as eculizumab.
Related factors: There is statistical significant relationship between the vasomotor and urogenital symptoms and menopausal status (p <0.05).
In European countries, access to methadone or buprenorphine maintenance programs and alternative maintenance strategies is easier, and the stigma attached to prescribing psychoactive drugs is less.
Compatibility level between direct microscopy by 10% KOH and cultures shows Kappa coefficient up to 80.5% (p-value <0.05).
Nowadays, in Vietnam and many countries in the world still apply the Histopathology classification according to the Working Formulation, because it is easy to apply, low cost.
Children using CGM devices need to be able to measure blood glucose by fingerstick to calibrate their monitor and / or to verify readings if they are discordant from symptoms.
Dermatology medical model and health care activities in the Department of the Central Hospital medical dermatology from 2009 to 2011
The sample was dissolved in phosphate buffer pH 7.0.
Conclusion: This study evaluated the binding abilities of saponin derivatives on proteins through their binding energies values and interactions between these saponins and proteins and also contributed the explanation of a mechanism of saponin derivatives in antioxidative stress process.
Most corns result from poorly fitting footwear, but small seed-sized corns on non-weight-bearing aspects of the soles and palms may represent inherited keratosis punctata.
The role of transcervical resection of endometrium in women with abnormal uterine bleeding persistence after unsuccessful medical therapies
Laxatives used too often and without medical need may cause dehydration and severe electrolyte deficiencies.
"Racial and socioeconomic inequities in U S. mortality have widened significantly as a result of the COVID pandemic, especially when considering total excess deaths.
Patients and methods: The RB coding region encompassing 27 exons were amplified and sequenced from 4 patients.
More than 85% of patients can be treated with limb-sparing surgery without decreasing the long-term survival rate.
Forty-five patients who had the diagnosis of ankyloglossia and received frenotomy at the Odontology Department of Hanoi Medical University Hospital and Ear-Nose-Throat Department of Vietnam-Cuba Hospital from 3/2019 to 6/2020 were going through articulation analysis, using articulation analysis software.
Key words: Depression, The Elderly, Physical activity, Quality of life
Unless compensated for by increased heart rate, cardiac output decreases.
Studies showed that vitamin D defficiency became common and globally epidemic.
The variable analysis between the overal and desease-free survival at 5 years are different depending on the skip metastases and surgical approach (p< 0, 05).
Angioedema can be life-threatening if airway obstruction occurs because of laryngeal edema or tongue swelling.
Conclusions ET can replace CT in cases: Nodules ≤ 4 cm in diameter.
The short worsed outcomes in hospital of malignant group were similar to non-malignant group but the rate of acute cardiac tamponate was higher.
Surgical outcomes of occipital arteriovenous malformation at Bach Mai hospital
All forms of injury can cause spinal cord edema, further decreasing blood flow and oxygenation.
Initial results in treatment primary segmental infarction of greater omentum
Mainly, some of these side effects are potentially serious.
Keywords: dengue hemorrhagic fever shock
Exogenous estrogen is unlikely to cause tumor expansion.
Applied these model for antifungal agents from medical plants, compared with ketoconazole, terbinafine and nystatine.
Pulmonary signs may be absent or may include rales, rhonchi, and pleural rubs.
There is no specific treatment for rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata.
Conclusions: Care should be taken in the management of pregnancy, especially in high-risk women.
Conclusions: The prevalence of LVT in patients with CHF and RF is not rare.
Diagnostic yield of transbronchial lymph node aspiration is higher using EBUS than conventional unguided techniques.
Results: The mean age was 49.25 ± 7.41.
Leptin, which is a hormone released from adipose tissue, can worsen psoriasis.
Many mucosal pathogens, including Neisseria gonorrhoeae, N meningitidis, S pneumoniae, and H pneumoniae, produce proteases that cleave immunoglobulin A (IgA).
Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of xylitol chewing gum on the salivary parameters (flow, viscosity, pH, buffering capacity) and the amount of Streptococcus mutans in stimulated saliva among 8 - 9 years-old children with high caries prevalence living in a non-fluoridated area.
Stress met 38.46%, psoriasis occurred from October to December 42.36%, psoriatic family history of 12.32%, the most common comorbidity disease: hyperlipidemia 16.92%; hypertension 16.92%, diabetes 9.25%.
Materials and method: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 1615 patients undergoing endoscopic ultrasound at Hue University of Medicine and Pharmacy Hospital.
Conclusions: The findings of this study confirmed the prevalence of overweight and obesity among kindergarten children in Thu Dau Mot city as reported in 2016; and were basic data for evaluating the effectiveness of the intervention programs in preventing overweight and obesity among kindergarten children in the next coming years.
Spur formation at the amputated end of the bone: Spurs may be diagnosed by palpation and x-ray.
In 103 cases of placenta previa, only 2 cases of normal delivery accounted for 1.94% and mainly cesarean section accounted for 98.06%.
Reasons of conversion: neoplastic: 11 cases, infection: 09 cases, allograft nephropathy: 14 cases, vascular diseases: 04 cases and other: 04 cases.
So, if you learn something on day 0, and don't review, your retention follows a "forgetting curve" similar to that shown in the figure below.
Materials and methods: The study was conducted on 30 patients (22 men and 8 women), aged from 15 months to 55 years old, with 56 postburn scar contracture of the fingers which were reconstructed by local flaps and full-thickness skin grafts.
Most importantly, immobilization should be avoided.
For more severe manifestations, prednisone 60 to 80 mg orally once a day is a common first-line therapy.
All over the world, the major problem is the shortage of donated organes, numbers of donated organs only meet less than 10% of the demand.
When findings of pulmonary hypertension are noted without an obvious intracardiac defect, the proximal great vessels should be scanned to look for a defect between the aorta and main pulmonary artery near the pulmonary artery bifurcation and proximal right pulmonary artery.
Other effective targeted therapies for relapsed CLL included idelalisib (an oral inhibitor of phosphoinositide 3'-kinase [PI3K] delta) and venetoclax.
Conclusions: The most valuable sign in the diagnosis of ovarian torsion is the twisted pedicle.
Without treatment, risk of progression to AIDS is about 1 to 2% / year in the first 2 to 3 years of infection and about 5 to 6% / year thereafter.
The utilization of carbapenem at Trung Vuong general hospital
An algorithm for evaluating the risk of smallpox in patients with fever and rash is available on the CDC web site (CDC Algorithm Poster for Evaluation of Suspected Smallpox).
No cases have two tumors at the same time in the part of the colon removed.
Radiation therapy is the most effective treatment for brain metastases, occasionally providing long-term control.
Although there wasn't a difference in mortality rate, two patients died in the TG ≥11.3 mmol / l group, accounting for 4.9%.
73, 7% patients were admitted in awake situation (GCS 14 - 15).
Objectives: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the changes of facial heights based on Cervical Vertebral Bone Age - longitudinal study from 8 to 18 years old on cephalometric films.
Small cell lung cancer (SCLC) is a disease with high malignancy, poor prognosis, rapid progression, early distant metastasis.
Treatment of recurrent ovarian cancer is still challenging.
Lesions on chest X-ray: none 55.6%, mild 28.9%, moderate 8.5% and severe 7%.
Conclusion: Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is a safe in the elderly patients.
Incidence of adverse effects is different for the various sulfonamides, but cross-sensitivity is common.
Most currently used devices measure only airflow and integrate time to estimate the expired volume.
The mean of the doses was 4208cGy, 40% of patients was treated by 1 fraction, others were 3 - 5 fractions.
In June, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that states, not the federal government, should pass laws on the issue of abortion.
The long-term all-cause mortality occurred in 29 patients in the frailty group (30.5%) and 22 patients in the non-frailty group (7.7%) Frailty was an independent prognostic factor for long-term all-cause mortality with adjusted hazard ratio [HR] = 2.97; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.62 to 5.46; p <0.001).
The mean SGA-DMS score was 15.9 ± 4.6.
Symptoms and Signs of Sciatica In patients with sciatica, pain radiates along the course of the sciatic nerve (symptoms related to nerve roots L4, L5, and S1), most often down the buttocks and posterior aspect of the leg to below the knee.
In patients with autoimmune disease, the adrenals are atrophied, whereas in patients with tuberculosis or other granulomas, the adrenals are enlarged (initially) with frequent calcification.
Results: There were 1249 patients participating in our study, in which 1037 patients were diagnosed with ischemic stroke and 212 patients were diagnosed with hemorrhage stroke.
Results: The rates of central obesity, hypertension, lipid metabolism disorders, and glucose metabolic disorders were 17.5%, 29.3%, 77.8% and 35.6%, respectively; with an increased tendency along with aging.
Results: The median age of the population was 77 (65 - 84); the difference between the proportions of male and female is negligible.
The time when pain occurred much was at night, which accounted for 63.6%.
In the old time the treatment is always cysto-duodenostomy or jejunostomy which lets many post-op complications.
Only one patient required permanent pacemaker implantation for complete AV block.
During peak disease severity, a patient's temperature may exceed 40 ° C, with periorbital edema, conjunctivitis, photophobia, a hacking cough, extensive rash, prostration, and mild itching.
Breastfeeing situation of mothers with children under 24 months old in Yen Mo district, Ninh Binh
No major complication, minor post-embolization syndrome (PES) in 20 patients.
Efficacy on clinical outcomes and safety of endovascular therapy in treatmen for acute ischemic stroke.
Irritant contact dermatitis of the hands and fingers may lead to onycholysis (1).
Pain score was significantly lower in patients who treated by QS Nd: YAG 532nm comparing to alexandrite 755nm.
Therefore, if this study continues to quantify cytokines TNF-α and IL-6 at times after 48 hours, 72 hours or longer, it is hoped that a more pronounced decrease in concentrations of TNF-α and IL-6 may be found.
Moreover, thesleep-induced secretory bursts of prolactin sec-retion are rarely observed, although episodicPRL secretion during the daytime occurs.
Prevalence and related factors of human papillomavirus infection of sexually active women in ho chi minh city
"Our results suggest that the lifetime risk of breast cancer might not differ between ever and never users, even if there is an increased short-term risk."
Results: Nine new derivatives (1 - 9) of 5-nitrobenzimidazole-2-thione were synthesized and determined their structures.
Prosopagnosia is inability to identify well-known faces, including those of close friends, or to otherwise distinguish individual objects among a class of objects, despite the ability to identify generic facial features and objects.
Patient education Education is crucial to optimizing care.
A case report of uterine torsion in pregnancy
Removing the cyst surgically is an alternative if other treatments are not effective.
Diagnosis of Ischemic Colitis CT or colonoscopy Diagnosis of ischemic colitis is made by CT or colonoscopy.
Conclusion: Liquid nitrogen is 30% more effective than Podophyllin in the treatment of external genital warts in men.
Pathogen identification in each patient was performed by using both blood culture and RT-PCR concomitantly.
Methodology: prospective cross sectional study on 32 consecutive patients.
Blood pressure decreases, yet the skin is paradoxically warm.
Almost patients received full dose of chemotherapy, 5/48 patients had dose modification due to grade 3 - 4 thrombopenia.
MRCP is done if liver tests, particularly direct bilirubin and alanine aminotransferase (ALT), are elevated from their baseline and abdominal ultrasonography does not exclude gallstones in the common bile duct as the etiology for gallstone acute pancreatitis.
Average waist circumference was 85.6±11.4 cm, abdominal fat rate was 66.0%.
Symptoms are initially those of nonspecific upper respiratory infection followed by paroxysmal or spasmodic coughing that usually ends in a prolonged, high-pitched, crowing inspiration (the whoop).
Evaluation of customer satisfaction for services at the Center for reproductive health care of Khanh Hoa province
Operative duration was 7 and 8 hours.
Foveal thickness of SRD group is statistically higher than that of non-SRD group.
People with binge eating disorder are distressed by it.
The recommended dose of IV vedolizumab is 300 mg at 0, 2, and 6 weeks and then every 8 weeks.
Romosozumab should not be initiated within 12 months of a patient having had a myocardial infarction or stroke.
Patients who use recreational drugs (eg, opioids, alcohol, marijuana, caffeine, hallucinogens) should be counseled about risk of addiction and possible interactions with prescription and other drugs.
Case presentation: A 32-year-old woman was admitted to Nhan dan Gia Dinh hospital, HCMC from December 15 to December 20, 2017.
PCL reconstruction based on centre point of the insertion of the anterolateral (AL) bundle: 1.5 ± 0.6 mm (n=6).
Uses for Ayurveda After determining the balance of doshas, practitioners design a treatment specifically tailored to each patient.
The patients experienced respiratory rehabilitation exercises from the beginning when they were admitted to the hospital and throughout their stay.
Transplant patients also have a much better chance of recovery when they receive stem cells taken from themselves or from a related donor.
Lumbar Puncture VIDEO Measure CSF pressure Manometry is usually done but can be omitted if patients are critically ill and should be omitted for patients in the sitting position because these measurements are unreliable.
Results: The questionnaire of knowledge, attitude, behavior towards antibiotic usage was conducted with 36 statements in those aspects, including antibiotic indication, antibiotic resistance, antibiotic side effects, buying, using and storing antibiotics.
NCCN Clinical Practice Guideline: Breast Cancer: The National Comprehensive Cancer Network provides guidelines for the diagnosis, staging, and treatment of breast cancer (and other cancers) U S Preventive Services Task Force: Breast Cancer: Medication Use to Reduce Risk: This web site provides the rationale of using drugs to reduce the risk of breast cancer in women at high risk and describes the risks of using these drugs.
Conclusion: Clinical features of PCV included symptoms as blurred vision, scotoma, metamorphosia and fundus signs like subretinal hemorrhage, PED, exudates, and red-orange nodules - the most suggesting feature.
Methods: The method described prospective study uncontrolled in patients ureteral stones were treated by the method of Holmium laser lithotripsy endoscopic ureteral from November 2014 to July 2015.
This high probability underscores the need for caution when deciding to do a screening test panel and when interpreting its results.
For cases with Viperidae biting, their venom caused disorder of blood coagulate system, 24% of cases were opthalmorrhagia, mainly subconjunctinal hemorrhages (19%).
Results: After 12 months of treatment, secondary sexual characteristics reduced or ceased acceleration of bone age decreased, sexual hormonal levels fell below puberty range.
The average observation time was 14 months (minimally 10 months and maximally 19 months).
Keywords: continuous renal replacement therapy, acute heart failure, acute kidney failure.
All patients were treated according to the protocol of the Faculty; patients were recorded variables related to clinical, laboratory findings, treatment and monitored until stable discharge or death.
According to Lambert. A et al (2009), conclude MRI 3.0T is valuable in detecting small lesions.
On rare occasions after several synovectomies, radiation therapy is sometimes used.
These prostheses often include a specialty design interface, socket, suspension system, and terminal device.
Carrier rates rise dramatically during epidemics.
Clinical characteristics of atypical bacterial pneumonia in children at National Hospital of Pediatrics in 2014
Long-term care facilities: These facilities include assisted-living facilities, board-and-care facilities, skilled nursing facilities, and life-care communities.
But the measure was strongly opposed by law enforcement, which said it would actually end up costing the state in increased public health and safety expenses.
Diagnosis is by skin or bone marrow biopsy or both.
However, when lip swelling is caused by angioedema, concurrent swelling in the oropharynx and / or lower airways can be fatal.
There was no intraoperative complication and morbidity.
The joint above and below the dislocated joint should also be examined.
Objective: The aim of this study was to define the learning curve for operation time (OT) and warm ischemic time (WIT) for three trocars retroperitoneal laparoscopic living donor nephrectomy (RLLDN) at Cho Ray hospital.
It is often appropriate to rule out these conditions before attributing dyspnea to a less serious etiology.
Conclusions: NRS-HCM can be used in high prevalence malnutrition medical center. Keywords: nutritional accessment tool, malnutrition
Concentration of borax in food from 0.05 - 0.289mg / 100g, in which the food groups that had high content was rice cakes and pork ham.
Aerophagia occurs normally in small amounts during eating and drinking, but some people unconsciously swallow air repeatedly while eating or smoking and at other times, especially when anxious or in an attempt to induce belching.
The care process of the perianal wound after abdominoperineal resection rectum for carcinoma
Patients have acted on their urges with a nonconsenting person, or these fantasies, intense urges, or behaviors cause significant distress or impair functioning at work, in social situations, or in other important areas.
The incidence in Europe and the US is about 1 in 100, 000 live births.
Siegesbeckia orientalis L is a medicinal plant that has the ability to inhibit the proliferation of cancer cells.
The results of the endovascular embolization in treatment of duodenal bleeding
Indications Evaluation of injury, hypotension, and / or shock of unknown etiology in a trauma patient to determine need for interventions Evaluation of unexplained hypotension or shock in the non-trauma patient To identify rupture of an ectopic pregnancy Contraindications Absolute contraindications Clear need for time-sensitive definitive care (which would be delayed by doing ultrasonography) Relative contraindications None Complications Ultrasonography is a noninvasive procedure, thus procedural complications are unlikely.
Background: Hyponatremia is very commonly found in clinical practice, especially in ICU patients.
Conclusion: Preparation methods influence the experimental Bo Huyet action of Angelica.
Common complications are early paresis of the marginal branch of the facial nerve 10, 8%, recover after 6 months, lingual nerve paresis, hematoma are uncommon.
Conclusion: Risk of VTE in acute stroke patients was high (by using PADUA prediction score).
LAHH and LBHH are only seen in risk moderate and high.
Fissures often respond to conservative measures that minimize trauma during defecation (eg, stool softeners, psyllium, fiber).
One study suggests this positioning substantially improves survival (6, 7).
Keywords: abnormal cervical cytology smear
Conclusions: Ultrasound is a non-invasive method which has high detection rate in diagnosis of pneumonia, especially in diagnosing pleural effusion and lung abscess.
Point out the associated diseases such as dyslipidemia, hyperglycemia, hypertension, fatty liver, oral disease, respiratory disease, near-sightedness;
The causative organism, F tularensis, is a small, pleomorphic, nonmotile, nonsporulating aerobic, gram-negative bacillus that enters the body by Ingestion of contaminated food or water Bite of an infected arthropod vector (ticks, deer flies, fleas) Inhalation Direct contact with infected tissues or material Tularemia does not spread from person to person.
Result: For the homogeneity: There was no difference of HIL values of all IQC samples between 2 analysis for each concentration, p>0.05.
Comprehensive approach to aortic pathology: experience at BV heart center of Ho Chi Minh City University of Medicine and Pharmacy
In ex vivo model, the emulsion containing OG-TTO-ethanol at 1.25% - 2.5% - 15% (v / v / v) was able to reduce the amount of E faecalis by 95.57% after treatment and by 99, 97% after 7 days with lower rate of reinfection comparing to control group.
Index of blood pressure, VLDL, glycemia, fatty liver have been changed but not yet statistic significance because the sample is not large enough, so more research needs to be done.
The prevalence of AD was 15.3%.
The deeper parts of the jejunum and ileum can be assessed with specialized, longer enteroscopes.
The decreases in a Yoshihara's research is 76.1%, and Kobayashi's research 86% in a long-term programme.
There was a strong correlation between the bone resorption and the remaining bone height.
In 1982, Henry Bismuth introduced a hepatectomy technique combining Ton That Tung and Lortat - Jacob methods.
Initial dosage is 2 to 5 mg IV (0.05 mg / kg in children); the dose can be doubled every 3 to 5 minutes as needed.
This initial result contributes to the anthropology and anatomical terminology.
The rates of treatment discontinuation and dose reduction due to low toxicity were 2, 7% and 1, 3%.
Parents of adolescents with conduct disorder often have engaged in substance use and antisocial behaviors and frequently have been diagnosed with attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), mood disorders, schizophrenia, or antisocial personality disorder.
Broad-spectrum IV antibiotics effective against intestinal flora should be given.
Meanwhile, the proportion of drug and lifestyle adherences was 87% and 35%, respectively.
Results: As the result, the risks of dementia in the elderly in the community of Thanh Phu commune, My Xuyen district, Soc Trang province is 37%. In particular, the higher the ages are, the higher the risk of dementia is, people with low levels of education have higher risk of dementia than those with high levels of education.
Women receiving immunodeficiency medications... - Non menopausal women Women with acute illnesses being treated.
However, clinicians must take into account the wide variety of grief reactions considered typical in different cultures and diagnose a disorder only if the bereavement response is beyond what is expected.
The rate of postoperative complication was 17.3% with 13/75 patients.
Instability is observed in these fractures in rates reaching 30%.
An antivenom that is specific for Centruroides is available in the US and should be given to all patients with severe symptoms and to patients who are unresponsive to supportive care, particularly children.
Bronchoalveolar lavage helps narrow the differential diagnosis in some patients and can provide information about disease progression and response to therapy.
In recent times, cases of moderate adrenal insufficiency with manifestations of acute adrenal insufficiency have been reported in patients with critical medical conditions, already infected with HIV or adrenal suppressed by glucocorticoid (GC) therapy.
All the patient were cured well, urinate easily. The speed of urine before TURP is 12ml / minute and after of TURP is 45ml / minute.
Evaluation the effectiveness of fortified soy flour with calcium and vitamin D on some biochemical items in postmenopausal women
Flexible metal mesh stents are more effective at maintaining esophageal patency.
The control group recieves the treatment of the new method of acupuncture, and the trial group recieves the treatment of the new method of acupuncture combined with active exercise.
Factors affect perception of early signs of stroke are education level and marriage status.
Diagnosis of Emery-Dreifuss Dystrophy DNA mutation analysis Sometimes muscle biopsy Diagnosis of Emery-Dreifuss dystrophy is indicated by clinical findings, age at onset, and family history.
The mortality rate was 6.1%.
The distribution of test results for patients with disease is centered on a different point than that for patients without disease.
Efficacy of early intra-aortic balloon pumping in high-risk patients undergone open heart surgery
CYP2C19 polymorphisms have been shown to alter drug metabolism, in which CYP2C19 * 17 genotype can metabolize drug at a fast rate.
An elevated serum vitamin B12 level or abnormalities on the peripheral blood smear suggest an underlying myeloproliferative disorder, and a bone marrow aspirate and biopsy with cytogenetic studies may be helpful.
If mammography and ultrasonography do not identify a source and the discharge is spontaneous and comes from a single duct or breast, evaluation may include Ductography (contrast-enhanced imaging of the milk duct) or image-guided biopsy Treatment of Nipple Discharge Treatment of a nipple discharge is based on the cause.
Keyword: BMI, nutrients, energy, adolescents.
Objectives: Determine the prevalence of low birth weight and examines a number of factors related at Bac Lieu general hospital.
Clinically, Kolterman said, "I think perhaps the ideal place to try this would be shortly after diagnosis of type 2 diabetes, before patients go on to pharmacologic therapy."
Keywords: Malnutrion, Cachexia, CKD (Chronic Kidney Disease), serum prealbumin.
Prolonged cooking destroys folate, but many dietary staples are supplemented with folate.
The results showed that the single step medium was initially evaluated as an effective continuous culture product: Increase the quantity as well as percentage of embryos with good - and average-morphology on day 5, increased embryo development rate from day 3 to day 5, although there was no difference between fertilization rate and day 3 embryo quality when compared with the sequential medium.
As a result of the exercise programme intervention, there was a significantly greater improvement preoperative and postoperative shoulder flexion range of motion (ROM) (65.44o up 57.33o), abduction ROM (56o/151o), internal rotation ROM (33.22o/72.22o), external rotation ROM (33.11o/67.22o), muscle strength, pain score.
Table Devices and physical interventions Percutaneous catheter-based radiofrequency ablation of the sympathetic nerves in the renal artery is used in Europe and Australia for resistant hypertension.
T2W, FLAIR and DWI pulse sequences detect most of the lesions, but the DWI pulse series detects lesions at a "very clear" signal level (93.5%).
Research place EndoscopicDepartment - E Hospital, Gastroenterology Department, Institute of Biotechnology - Viet Nam Academy of science and technology.
Study the training, guidance for digital resource for students; 3.
Cochrane Database Syst Rev 4 (4): CD004407, 2020. doi: 10.1002/14651858.CD004407.pub4 Key Points Rubella causes a scarlatiniform rash and often low-grade fever, malaise, conjunctivitis, and lymphadenopathy (characteristically involving the suboccipital, postauricular, and posterior cervical nodes).
This study is aimed at determining the rates of H pylori infection, cagA gene, vacA genotypes in patients with GC; and evaluating the relationship between cagA gene, vacA genotypes and endoscopic and histopathological features of gastric cancer.
Besides, there was a statistically significant difference (p<0, 05) between sum of practice points and following factors: knowledge, attitude, reason to have breakfast, reason not to have breakfast, time to wake up, study major, living place, spending on breakfast, information from public communication, family and friends. Conclusions: The prevalence of the surveyed junior students of Hanoi Medical University, who had high point in knowledge, attitude and practice of having breakfast, was low, only accounted for one third to a half of the total sample.
Our results with complete flap survival in 16/17 cases, a partial flap survival in one patient which required additional another flap. Three patients developed a pharyngeocutaneous fistula, 2 of which were wound infection and prolonged wound care (who had a history of previous radiation) and 1 case of partial flap loss mentioned above.
Antimicrobial susceptibility profiles and frequency of the scpb and lmb virulence genes among streptococcus agalactiae from pregnant women examined in hue medical university hospital.
They perpetuate their dependency because they tend not to learn skills of independent living.
Generalized pruritus may also be present.
Phimosis conservative treatment with steroid ointment
Patient survival was assessed using the Kaplan-Meier method, and prognostic factors affecting survival were assessed using log-rank tests and Cox proportional hazards regression.
If any dose in the series is either RV5 or unknown, default to a 3-dose series.
Some associated factors found were the pariry, the heaviest birth weight and history of hysterectomy.
Conclusion: There was a correlation between Low expression of ARID1A mRNA and MYCN amplification. It was suggested that ARID1A is a potential biomarker in prognostics in NB.
Idiopathic environmental intolerance is more prevalent in women.
Design: prospective, cross-sectional observation, non-intervention study.
In this study, we used primers katG-F and katG-R designed for amplication of a fragment of 684 bp in katG gene in 7 strains of TB bacteria collected in Pham Ngoc Thach - Ho Chi Minh city and Hue Central hospitals.
Numerous drug causes are possible (see table Commonly Used Drugs That Can Cause Erectile Dysfunction).
8 - Long-term follow-up after hospital discharge: Determine the rate of non-recurrence (cumulative remission) after 6 months, 12 months, 24 months and 48 months.
Red flags Certain findings raise suspicion of a more serious etiology: Severe pain Signs of shock (eg, tachycardia, hypotension, diaphoresis, confusion) Signs of peritonitis Abdominal distention Interpretation of findings Distention, especially when surgical scars, tympany to percussion, and high-pitched peristalsis or borborygmi in rushes are present, strongly suggests bowel obstruction.
English summary: The method of producing trehalose from cassava starch using maltooligosyl trehalose synthase (MTSase) and maltooligosyl trehalose trehalohydrolase (MTHase) was highly effective and could be applied in large-scale production.
There were significant differences in compliance rates among 5 moments of hand hygiene: the compliance rates were highest in two moments: after exposing to blood and body fluids and after touching a patient (91.0% and 79.8% respectively); the lowest compliance rates were in two moments: before touching a patient and before clean / aseptic procedure (63.6% and 73.7% respectively).
Code: 62 72 03 01; Specialized: Public Health Fellower / candidate: Nguyễn Thế Hiển Superviser: 1.
Our study demonstrates the effectiveness of BioFreedom stent in treating coronary artery disease with a high success rate (95, 4% technically and 96, 2% procedurally) in both groups of high and low bleeding risk.
Drugs that increase the rate of falls such as antihypertensive drugs (OR=1.73), antidiabetic drugs (OR=1.77), Parkinson drugs (OR=1.68), benzodiazepines (OR=6.86).
Relative contraindications include age > 55 and significant atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, defined as a previous myocardial infarction, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous coronary intervention, or a positive stress test; these factors dramatically increase perioperative risk. Options include Simultaneous pancreas-kidney (SPK) transplantation Pancreas-after-kidney (PAK) transplantation Pancreas-alone transplantation The advantages of simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplantation are one-time exposure to induction immunosuppression, potential protection of the newly transplanted kidney from adverse effects of hyperglycemia, and the ability to monitor rejection in the kidney; the kidney is more prone to rejection than the pancreas, where rejection is difficult to detect.
The study was conducted to evaluate the effect of factors on the production of lovastatin from this type of fungi by solid state fermentation method.
There were 4 cases treated with polyvalent antivenom among of 22 patients suffering Bungarus candidus envenoming.
The comparison of efficacy and safety of intravenous anesthesia with and without target controlled infusion propofol for urological procedures in outpatients
The rate of severe underweight malnutrition accounted for the highest rate (72.0%).
Keywords: Hypertriglyceridemia, acute pancreatitis, SOFA score, Ranson score.
Selection criteria were children 1 - 12 months old, direct bilirubin >1mg / dL if total bilirubin <5mg / dL or bilirubin >20% if bilirubin is >5 mg / dL, and lasting more than 1 month.
Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness of multimodal method versus conventional treatment for pain relief of patients in bipolar hip replacement (at Nhan Dan Gia Dinh Hospital).
Results: 100% of pregnant women with gingivitis.
Hyperglycemia can be avoided by monitoring plasma glucose often, adjusting the insulin dose in the TPN solution, and giving subcutaneous insulin as needed.
Prolonged labor duration increased the rate of isthmocele.
Results: Gram-positive cocci is the most common cause (male-45, 9%, female-42, 9%), followed by Gram-negative cocci.
Symptoms and Signs of AHRF Acute hypoxemia (see also Oxygen Desaturation) may cause dyspnea, restlessness, and anxiety.
PR negative change positive was 17, 6%, PR positve change negative was 33, 3% (p <0.001).
The number of clinical trainers is insufficient.
Corticosteroids Symptom management begins with corticosteroids.
The cytochrome P-450 (CYP450) enzyme system in the small bowel and liver is the most important known system for drug metabolism.
For example, Weakness accompanied by upper motor signs plus other signs such as aphasia, mental status abnormalities, or other cortical dysfunction: A brain lesion Unilateral upper motor neuron signs (spasticity, hyperreflexia, extensor plantar response) and weakness involving an arm and a leg on the same side of the body: A contralateral hemispheric lesion, most often a stroke Upper or lower motor neuron signs (or both) plus loss of sensation below a segmental spinal cord level and loss of bowel or bladder control (or both): A spinal cord lesion Weakness with lower motor neuron signs may result from a disorder affecting one or more peripheral nerves; such a disorder has very specific patterns of weakness (eg, wristdrop in radial nerve injury).
Thus the more severe myocardial anemia is, the more increasing dyssynchrony tends to be.
Interspinous implant for the treatment of degenerative conditions of lumbar spine with radicopathy and instability: review of 28 cases
Perforator flap from the anterior tibial artery was applied only in 1/55 patients (1.82%).
Clinical symptoms of patent ductus arteriosus in premature infants is rapidly breathing seen in 81.7%, cardiac hyperactivity in 70.2%, strong second heart sound in 61.5%, rapid heart frequency in 41.3% and heart murmur is the least common in 10.6% of cases.
Gender About gender, there is a difference between the two groups.
Monitoring for squamous cell carcinoma and sexual dysfunction and providing psychologic support are indicated.
Codeine has antitussive, analgesic, and sedative effects, but dependence is a potential problem, and nausea, vomiting, constipation, and tolerance are common adverse effects.
Regarding the antibiotic resistance, E coli is high resistant to Ciprofloxacin (70.8%), Ceftriaxone (64.6%), the relatively resistance to Ceftazidime is approximately 40.8%.
Unfortunately, the insulin eventuated in her husband's death.
Results: 44.8% of patients 30 - 50 years of age, male / female: 1, 02/1.
Of factors related to drowning, the drowning preventive behaviour of caregivers in family is particularly important.
The age of onset and absence of comedones help distinguish rosacea from acne.
Method: A cross - sectional descriptive study was carried out in an urban and a sub-urban preschool with 198 children in each school.
This study aimed to describe status of coronary artery lesion and its associated risk factors in these patients.
Conclusion: We have good results in transfer open heart surgery technique for Kien Giang Hospital.
The symptoms difficulty swallowing, regurgitation, chest pain, weight loss, improved after dilation (p<0.05).
Applying cotton padding too tightly may predispose to compartment syndrome.
Background: After the events of complications of vaccines occurred in the year 2005, the rate of vaccinated children in Vietnam reduced considerably.
One of them had been hospitalised because of not benefit from oral Itraconazole.
Tips and Tricks Nitroglycerin ointment or warm compresses may help dilate veins.
Objective: To evaluate the correlation and the accuracy between PaCO2 and PcvCO2, and EtCO2 in ICU patients after open heart surgery.
Vascular malformations are congenital, life-long, localized defects in vascular morphogenesis and include capillary (eg, nevus flammeus), venous, arteriovenous (eg, cirsoid aneurysm), and lymphatic malformations.
The overall mortality to morbidity rate was 0.52%.
Results: The distribution of pathogens in the infection group was A baumannii (27.66%), K pneumonia (13.83%) and P aeruginosa (12.76%)... The patient group had higher serum concentrations of PCT and CRP than the control group, at 7.30 ± 23.54 ng / ml, 76.70 ± 57.06 mg / l compare to 0.07 ± 0.12 ng / ml; 10.05 ± 10.85 mg / l with p < 0.01, p < 0.001, respectively.
b Included participants with diabetes, ischemic heart disease, hypertension, obesity.
The pulse is rapid and low volume, and blood pressure (BP) is variable.
Surgery is the mainstay of this disease. Objectives: To investigate causes and clinical characteristics of aortic stenosis. To evaluate improvements as well as complications after aortic valve replacement. Method: Case series, retrospectively.
Key words: Agent Orange, Dioxin, DNA methylation, CYP1A1
A trend toward longer event-free survival has been observed in patients with severe neurologic manifestations after treatment with IV cyclophosphamide than with azathioprine.
12/15 (80%) visual acuity improve post - op and only 1/6 case endocrine improve post-op.
Resistance to infection, trauma, and other stress is decreased.
In the period from 06/2011 to 01/2012 there were 125 cases of women with postpartum hemorrhage due to uterine atony primary on the normal delivery in the department of birth of Hung Vuong Hospital.
Tests may include the following: Serum glucose or glycosylated Hb (HbA1C) Antinuclear antibodies Hepatitis B and C serologic tests Serum and urine protein electrophoresis Cryoglobulins Rheumatoid factor Serologic test for syphilis (eg, rapid plasma reagin) HIV antibody test Complement levels (C3, C4) Test results may alter management and preclude the need for biopsy.
In this patient, the hyperechoic submucosa of the ventral sigmoid wall, clearly overlies the large DIE implant (*).
The prevalence of metabolic syndrome among coronary artery disease patients (coronary angiography documented)
The evaluation of cardiovascular diseases in these patients has not been studied.
Laparoscopy or laparotomy is sometimes required for drainage.
Ideally, patients should have 2 identical interfaces for each prosthesis so they can be alternated day to day, which helps them maintain their elasticity and shape and last longer.
Detection of str markers for the analysis of chimerism in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation patients
Results: The conventional brush cytology test showed a sensitivity of 91.1%, a specificity of 100%, a positive predictive value at 100%, a negative predictive value at 71.4%, and an accuracy of 92.7%.
Conclusion: The prevalence of LBW is slightly higher in Cu Chi District than in Vietnam.
Results: There were 21 laboratories participating in the external quality assessment program.
Postoperative complications: 12 patients with prolong air leaks which required 5 days of chest tube placed in situ, 1 patients with postoperative atalectasis.
Because there is no purified protein S concentrate available for transfusion, normal plasma is used to replace protein S during a thrombotic emergency.
The risk factors associated with nosocomial infection are central venous catheter, intravenous nutritions, mechanical ventilation and infections before hospitalization.
The bilateral pleural effusion is exudative with lymphocyte predominance.
In this present study, the sponge-derived Streptomyces HM9 was optimised with a number of different carbon (C) and nitrogen (N) sources to evaluate the broad-spectrum antibacterial ability.
For information on other disorders affecting fatty acid metabolism, see Overview of Fatty acid and Glycerol Metabolism Disorders.
Most Thalassemia patients were diagnosed at the age of <5 years, accounting for 85.6%.
In follow-up period of 32.8 months, 9.4% lead failure and no significant complications recorded.
Immunosuppressive therapy Immunosuppressants should be considered only for patients with symptomatic idiopathic membranous nephropathy and for those most at risk of progressive disease.
The injuries were subdivided using the radiological classification by Harris and SLIC system.
Physical and mental comfort and readiness for discontinuation of restraints as appropriate are also assessed.
Majority of patients presented general symptoms such as malaise (80%), rapid weight loss (43.8%).
Results: The incidence of the following MRI ﬁndings was signiﬁcantly higher in patients with tuberculous spondylitis than in those with spinal metastasis (p<0.05): end plate disruption (91.9% vs 8.9%), rim enhancement of vertebral lesions (45.9% vs 0%) and intervertebral discs (75.7% vs 2.2%), the epidural and paravertebral lesions spread to more than two vertebral levels (54% and 54.1% vs 0% and 6.7%) and enhance peripherally (86.5% and 78.4% vs 2.2% and 0%).
Research on the moulds polluted level in several offices of the hospitals in ho chi minh city
Twenty - nine patients had periductal - infiltrating type (76.3%), Eight patients had mass-forming type (21.1%) and one had mucin-producing intraductal type (2.6%).
"The improvement in blood sugar control was comparable to what a patient might experience after starting a new diabetes medication," said Karter in a press release from Kaiser Permanente.
After hysterectomy, patients still require chemotherapy and serum hCG monitoring.
The reduction was even greater among the 25 with baseline A1c of 8% or greater, although it was significant even among the 55 who started with a lower A1c (- 1.06 vs - 0.31 percentage points; both P < .05).
Virilization and gynecomastia may be irreversible.
Funduscopy reveals hemorrhages throughout the retina, engorged (dilated) and tortuous retinal veins, and, usually, significant retinal edema.
Place a nonadherent dressing on the wound.
As with traditional braces, a retainer is used to keep the teeth from shifting back.
Then, the NGS results were analyzed by Galaxy with the compressed data capacities about 4GB / sample and the decompressed data about 8GB / sample.
Objectives: 1. To evaluate histopathological characteristics of lung necropsy and laboratory findings of pneumonia-measles dead pateints.
Assessment of fibrin glue in pterygium surgery
Marked interstitial edema of the small airways may interfere with ventilation, elevating PaCO2—a sign of impending respiratory failure.
Revascularization results After thrombectomy, the rate of reperfusion were TICI 2b (17.5%) and TICI 3 (74.8%), successful revascularization was observed to be 92.3% (17.5% + 74.8%).
Coverage for soft tissue defect of the weight bearing hind foot (wbh) using pedicled and revascularized flap and rehabilitation
C trachomatis can be isolated in culture or identified by nucleic acid amplification tests (NAAT) and immunofluorescence techniques, and testing should be done when it is readily available.
Opioid misuse may be intentional or unintentional.
Couinaud divided the liver into a functional left and right liver by a main portal scissurae containing the middle hepatic vein.
Herba Piperis lolot were divided into medium coarse powder, extracted by impregnation method with 70% ethanol solvent to obtain the extract (Herba Piperis lolot alcohol).
Treatment options include intralesional and topical corticosteroids and topical sensitizers such as squaric acid dibutylester.
The implant currently available is bioequivalent to the previously used implant but is designed to be radiopaque to make it easier to locate at the time of removal.
Methods: A 57 year-old male felt poststenal pain after 3 days fish bone ingestion.
The characteristics of gestational diabetes mellitus women in the outpatient clinic in hanoi obstetrics and gynecology hospital.
Fetal thyroid function reflects the relative fetal levels of these stimulating and blocking Igs.
It is clinically characterized by motor disturbances (muscle weakness and atrophy), decreased or loss of sensory, and decreased or loss of deep tendon reflexes.
- Group 2: Stable surface eyeball 22/23 eyes.
Studies on the antimicrobial activities of extracts from Oroxylum indicum L.
Methods: prospective study based on 140 patients with pituitary adenomas operated by transsphenoidal microsurgery at Viet Duc hospital from 1/2009 to 12/2009.
The use of blood pressure indexes to monitor fluid responsiveness in severe sepsis and septic shock
Smoking is a risk factor of non-dementia vascular cognitive impairment.
Indicated surgery patients of 18 years of age or older waiting for operation were assessed nutritional status using Patient Generated Subjective Global Assessment (PGSGA) preoperatively.
The proportion of patients who met the recommended energy demand for Calcium was 39.1%, iron was 36.8%, the proportion of those meeting the recommended demand of vitamin was all below 20%.
Conclusions: Low cardiac output syndrome is commonly encountered in patients after complete repair of TOF.
Objective: Evaluate clinical, para-clinical features and the morphology of the facial nerve in parotid salivary tumor patients indicated for surgery.
For pregnancies of < 10 weeks, regimens include the progesterone - receptor blocker mifepristone (RU 486) and the prostaglandin E1 analog misoprostol, as follows: Mifepristone 200 mg orally, followed by misoprostol 800 mcg buccally at 24 to 48 hours (for pregnancies of 9 to 11 weeks, an additional dose of misoprostol 800 mcg buccally is taken 4 hours after the initial misoprostol dose) Both mifepristone and misoprostol may be self-administered by the patient and do not need to be given at a clinic or hospital.
The reasonable rate of antibiotic use is 70.7%.
Examination includes the following: Vital sign measurement Pulse palpation and auscultation Vein observation Chest inspection, and palpation Cardiac percussion, palpation, and auscultation Lung examination, including percussion, palpation, and auscultation Extremity and abdomen examination Cardiac auscultation is discussed in a separate topic.
Although sometimes described as sialoadenitis, this inflammation is rarely a bacterial infection, particularly in the absence of fever.
Characterization of hepatocellular carcinoma using acoustic radiation force impulse elastography.
Fluctuating cognitive function is a relatively specific feature of dementia with Lewy bodies.
Surgery 167: 46 - 55, 2020. doi: 10.1016 / j. surg.2019.03.040 Follicular Thyroid Carcinoma Follicular carcinoma, including the Hürthle cell variant, accounts for about 10% of thyroid cancers.
Subpreputial secretions may become infected with anaerobic bacteria, resulting in inflammation.
The experiment was arranged on 3 formulas with the dry matter content of glucomannan arranged in different proportions.
Purpose: Report and assess the feasibility and safety of the laparoendoscopic single-site (LESS) partial nephrectomy for a small renal cell carcinoma (RCC) tumor by the initial case recently performed in our centre. Methods and Materials: We present one case of LESS partial nephrectomy initially performed for a small RCC exophytic tumor on the right kidney.
Scalling-up the manufacturing and based standards of sustained release 375 mg cefaclor tablet
(See also Overview of Perinatal Respiratory Disorders.)
A second-look laparotomy may be needed to reassess the viability of questionable areas of bowel.
Objective: Determining common clinical symptoms and risk factors in patients with obstructive sleep apnea at Cho Ray Hospital. Methods: During the period from January 2008 to June 2009 in the Department of Respiratory, Cho Ray Hospital, we diagnosed 137 patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
For the lipid metabolism, values of cholesterol decreased from the early phase, lowest in the recovery phase (122.6, IQR 112.2 - 138.7mg / dl) and were significantly lower in the shock group compared to the non shock group (99.8, IQR 76.6 - 115.6 mg / dl, p=0.00).
Results: MRI revealed 7 cases with hematoma and no sign of penile fracture with intact tunica albuginea.
Status of compliance with some infection control procedures at Thanh Nhan Hospital in 2018 - 2019 3.1.1.
LV failure characteristically develops in ischemic heart disease, hypertension, mitral regurgitation, aortic regurgitation, aortic stenosis, most forms of cardiomyopathy, and congenital heart disorders (eg, ventricular septal defect, patent ductus arteriosus with large shunts).
- In the practice of early detection and prevention of BC, only 55.11% of women have ever had breast examination, 6.17% of women have had periodical breast examination; 57.14% of women practice breast self-examination at home, but only 6.79% of women satisfactory practice breast self-examination at home.
About 10% of patients have generalized seizures or syncope, which typically results in drowning.
Warm salt-water rinses may help.
Particularly, the time of artery clamping affects bleeding complications.
Drug interactions are numerous, notably with certain immunosuppressants used after organ transplantation.
One ofthe best combination is the formula: 7 x (LYM / (LYM+NEU)) +LYS DMP / HT ≥ 8.
Today the problem of environment's pollution in general and water pollution in particular in Ho Chi Minh city is quite serious.
Result: Most critical are the symptoms of irritated, red eyes.
Despite improvements of ECMO technique, incidence rate of complications and mortality rate are still high.
There are 5 stages from 0 to IV corresponding to a worsening prognosis.
Parsonage-turner syndrome in a patient with acute shoulder pain: a case report
The nail matrix under the base of the nail anchors the dermis to the periosteum of the distal phalanx and allows for nail growth.
Time to reach blood pressure goals in the group of patients using multiple medications is shorter than group of patients using less medication.
Caregivers have fair good quality of life and negative coping strategies are statistically significantly associated with their quality of life.
Patients often hospitalized late, on average after 4 - 5 days onset.
Subjects and research methods: Uncontrolled clinical trials study on 50 patients with confirmed diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma who received ultra-selective chemotherapy embolization.
Stool examination is usually negative, and recovery of trophozoites from aspirated pus is uncommon.
Symptoms and Signs of Osteonecrosis General symptoms Areas affected by osteonecrosis may remain asymptomatic for weeks to months after the vascular insult.
Irrigation at a workplace eyewash station should be followed by continued irrigation en route to the hospital.
(markedly increased at T11 to L2).
Conclusion: Medical abortion for 9 - 12 weeks of gestation included mifepristone and misoprostol is highly effective, safe, non-invasive, and consumer-friendly.
Dietary sources include milk, cheese, liver, meat, eggs, and enriched cereal products.
Subjects included patients with OHCA due to medical causes came in the Emergency Department at various hospitals around Hanoi city.
Most of malignant thyroid nodules were determined by ultrasound (97.4%).
Conclusion: Results of the current study imply that eltrombopag is an effective therapeutic option even in aldult patients with corticosteroid-resistant ITP.
This study was conducted to report clinicals, subclinicals and evaluate the early results of treatment of major salivary gland cancers at Vietnam National Cancer Hospital.
Results: Mesenchymal stem cells are identified by the standards of ISCT.
Conclusions: The EuroSCORE II demonstrated good calibration and discrimination in predicting early mortality after CABG.
The genotypes detected in two outbreaks were H1 and D8, respectively. The measles viruses had high genetical similars with epidemic strains in Vietnam and neighbouring countries in the same period.
The 100 to 200 reported annual US cases (highest incidence is in Puerto Rico followed by Hawaii) occur mainly in late summer and early fall.
In infants, skin around the anus may break down because of chronic diarrhea.
MDR of Acinetobacter baumannii was 74.5%.
Bloodstream trypomastigotes multiply until specific antibodies produced by the host sharply reduce parasite levels.
Another, less well-understood prognostic factor is the level of immune activation as determined by evaluating the expression of activation markers on CD4 and CD8 lymphocytes.
Methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted in 226 children aged 1 - 15 years admitted with asthma exacerbations from April 2018 to June 2020.
Patients with low serum free T4 concentrations should be treated as if they were hypothyroid.
Locate the flexor carpi radialis and palmaris longus tendons, which become prominent when the patient flexes the wrist against resistance.
Epididymitis and epididymo-orchitis of noninfectious etiology may be due to chemical irritation secondary to a retrograde flow of urine into the epididymis, which may occur with Valsalva maneuver (eg, with heavy lifting) or after local trauma.
The test was conducted at Military Medical University.
Prevalence and factors related to human papillomavirus infection in women with abnormal pap's results
Keywords: esophageal dilatation, endoscopic dilation, anastomotic stricture, caustic injury, esophageal web, lye water, hydrostatic balloon, Maloney dilation, Tucker string-guided dilation
Assessment of surgical treatment of severe mitral stenosis with severe pulmonary hypertension
The prevalence of children with at least 2 ulcers and deep ulcers accounted for 34.5% and 78%, respectively.
Conclusion: Acute urethritis is common in sexually active age groups, that has complicated etiology.
The sonographic appearance is that of a slender, hypoechoic cord whose walls are thick and hyperechoic (Fig.
No positive gram bacterial strain was resistant to vancomycin.
Also, concomitant continuous progestin therapy (eg, medroxyprogesterone acetate 2.5 mg orally once a day) is often recommended because if estrogen is given alone, residual tissue may grow, resulting in recurrence.
Hordeolum An external hordeolum that does not respond to hot compresses can be incised with a sharp, fine-tipped blade.
Using small temporalis fascia graft to reinforce anterior half of tympanic membrane: a modified underlay tympanoplasty technique
The oedema of middle meatus, middle turbinate, inferior turbinate of MT+NI group with significance p<0.01, p<0.001.
They typically involve bullets or sharp objects, but a skull fracture with overlying laceration due to severe blunt force is also considered an open injury.
Parvovirus B19 viremia also can be detected by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR) techniques, which are generally used for patients with transient or chronic aplasia, patients who are immunocompromised, and fetuses or neonates with hydrops fetalis or congenital infection.
If symptoms are not significantly relieved after 24 months, then therapy is stopped.
Keywords: hypopharynx and cervical esophageal carcinoma, pharyngolaryngoesophagectomy, gastric pull-up reconstruction.
Triplet repeat disorders are infrequent but cause several neurologic disorders (eg, myotonic dystrophy, Fragile X syndrome), particularly those involving the central nervous system (eg, Huntington disease).
The advantages of surgical prosthesis implantation are obvious: erections are produced immediately and spontaneously, erections last until the patient deflates his device and sexual activity may occur as frequently as the couple wishes.
Purpose: The purpose of this study is that evaluating the results of bone healing, osteopathy and rehabilitation of patients.
The second patient suffered from shock due to multiple trauma at admission.
Disease penetrance and age of onset are highly variable but are consistent within families and ethnic groups (1).
Not frequently exposed to cotton dust group 9%.
Essential Fatty Acid Deficiency By John E Morley, MB, BCh, Saint Louis University School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Jul 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Essential fatty acid (EFA) deficiency is rare, occurring most often in infants fed diets deficient in EFAs.
About 1 to 2% of monoclonal B-cell lymphocytosis cases progress to CLL per year (1).
Pathophysiology of Epistaxis Most nasal bleeding is anterior, originating from a plexus of vessels in the anteroinferior septum (Kiesselbach area).
The screening test for HBV, HCV, HIV and syphilis was done at least once a 6 month.
The characteristics of the disease are physical body deformities that cause the spine to curl to one side and rotate the vertebrae on three planes.
Patients who hadn't a surgery in linea alba had wound infections 2.10 times higher than the other patients (95% CI: 1.29 - 3.40).
Result of voluntary blood donation in Nghe An Hematology and Blood Transfusion Center from 2010 to 2013
Microbiological standards in food samples tested in Long An Preventive Medicine center, 2014 - 2015.
A case-control study was designed including 161 cases with dyslipidemia and 406 controls without dyslipidemia.
Methods: A retrospective - prospective study of all infants born ≤27 weeks associated with RDS receiving surfactant therapy who were administered paracetamol IV for PDA closure after the failure of PDA prophylaxis with paracetamol IV from April 1st. 2018 to February 28, 2021 at NICU of Childrens Hospital 1.
All patients achieved an overall response to brentuximab vedotin plus bentamustin regimen, of which 50% achieved complete remission.
Results: - Middle age 37, gender is the same.
Keywords: primary percutaneous coronary intervention, thrombus aspiration, acute myocardial infarction
Results: There were 4 bipedicle TRAM flaps and 1 supercharge TRAM flap, two flaps were delayed reconstructions while 3 patients had immediate reconstruction after modified radical mastectomy.
Table Drug resistance in Acinetobacter Recently, multidrug-resistant (MDR) AB has emerged, particularly in intensive care units (ICUs) in immunosuppressed patients, patients with serious underlying disorders, and patients treated with broad-spectrum antibiotics after an invasive procedure.
Mean runs to cross lesions are 4.34 runs with ablating time of 51.28 ± 47.10 (seconds) and at mean speed of 179, 836 ± 11, 771 rpm.
Yellow or green sputum is a reliable indicator of neutrophils in the sputum and suggests bacterial colonization or infection.
This study aims to analyze and evaluate the current situation of quality of medical examination and treatment by health insurance at district hospitals in Thai Nguyen province from the perspective of patients, thereby proposing some solutions to improve the quality of medical examination and treatment with Health Insurance at these hospitals in the period of 2022 - 2026, contributing to improving patient satisfaction in order to reduce the burden on upper-level hospitals.
Try both lower and higher volumes (a poor cuff seal may be caused by either too low or too high cuff volumes).
To avoid positive anti-doping tests, athletes may stop using long-lasting steroids and replace them with shorter-acting formulations (bridging).
Inverse correlation between fibrinogen concentration with glasgow scale (p=0.043; r=-0.250).
Newer PET imaging includes targeting PSMA (prostate-specific membrane antigen) on the surface of prostate cancer cells.
Conclusion: Multiple myeloma is an incurable malignancy and almost all patients eventually relapse.
Children from 1 to 5 years old to be consulted for nutrition and general health at Pediatric department, Tien Giang General Hospital were diagnosed the status of functional chronic constipation by the researcher. Children's father or mother was interviewed about factors related to their children's constipation status by an already questionnaire.
Central nervous system (CNS) involvement is common; most patients receive intrathecal chemotherapy and corticosteroids and sometimes CNS radiation therapy.
Significant hyponatremia has occurred in endurance athletes who drink free water very frequently before, during, and after exercise without replacing sodium losses.
Conclusion: The need of using household doctor services is quite large and the hospitals need to communicate to people so that they have opportunities to better health care and contribute to limit overcrowding problem in hospitals.
Increased bone loss may also lead to hypercalcemia.
When analyzing a number of factors related to complications of renal failure, the results showed that the rate of renal failure was lower in the group of patients with disease detection time ≥ 2 months and had been treated specifically with corticosteroids, cyclosporin.
Incidence of interstitial cystitis is unknown, but the disorder appears to be more common than once thought and may underlie other clinical syndromes (eg, chronic pelvic pain).
Similar to the probe-based test, patients record symptoms, meals, and sleep for the duration of the test, and excessive acid exposure and symptom-reflux correlation (symptom index or symptom association probability) are identified.
Methods: Retrospective study.
Results: The average length of anterior skull base is 32, 33±4, 72 mm.
Postoperative pain has a great influence on the psychology and the recovery process of the patients.
X-rays may show loosening of the prosthesis or periosteal reaction but are not diagnostic.
Severe hypomagnesemia may cause generalized tonic-clonic seizures, especially in children.
Introduction: Insomnia is a common disorder in the elderly due to many causes.
Methods: A cross-sectional study, with sample size of 261.
Results: The mean values of maximum bite forces at first molar, premolar and incisor region are 624.64N±55.91N; 499.08N±97.02N and 161.04N±54.17N, respectively.
Key words: Breast cancer, lymphoedema, arm oedema
Retrospective group included patients treated in the period from 01/2012 to 12/2013.
The chest X-ray results showed that the entire left lung was unevenly opacified, the tracheal was pulled to the left.
Shortly thereafter, pubic and axillary hair appears.
All PCR products were confirmed by Sanger method.
The percentage of brain tumor in male was 60%.
Subjects and Methods: A retrospective analysis was made on 574 times of apheresis stem cell from peripheral blood mobilized and used for transplantation of the National Institute of Hematology - Blood Transfusion from January 2012 to December 2021.
After PFMT, the maximum flow rate and voided volume, frequency all improved in both genders.
To assess the risk of falling in elderly impatients and initially research some related factors.
These results suggested that genipin can be used as a natural and safe drug to inhibit rotavirus infection.
All combination OCs have similar efficacy; the pregnancy rate after 1 year is 0.3% with perfect use and about 9% with typical (ie, inconsistent) use.
Subfalcine herniation: The cingulate gyrus is pushed under the falx cerebri by an expanding mass high in a cerebral hemisphere.
The overall prevalence of hyperthyroidism, which is approximately 1.3 percent, increases to 4 to 5 percent in older women [1].
Tracheal intubation should be confirmed by testing for exhaled CO2 using a colorimetric detector.
62% of mutations were classified as "pathogenicity unknown".
Do frequent ophthalmologic assessments (including quantitative visual fields) to monitor response to treatment.
Keyword: Nutritional status, nutrition counseling, chronic kidney failure - hem dialysis.
Comparison of lip print morphology among ethnic races in the mekong delta
The most common symptoms of paraquat poisoning was in the gastrointestinal system. However, poor prognostics related to renal, hepatic, repiratory system and multiple organ dysfunctions.
All premature infants, especially those with apnea of prematurity, are at risk of apnea, bradycardia, and oxygen desaturation while in a car seat and should undergo a car seat challenge test before discharge.
MOTALITY OF PARAQUAT POISONINGS IN POISON CONTROL CENTER OF BACH MAI HOSPITAL Paraquat is an extremely hazardous substances and poisoning cause high mortality rates.
Most commonly, symptomatic hypoglycemia is a complication of drug treatment of diabetes mellitus with oral antihyperglycemics (especially sulfonylureas) and insulin.
The processing of "Lap xuong" from goat meat to create a product with high nutritional value, typical flavor, and taste would create more choices for consumers as well as contribute to the diversification of the sausage product market in our country.
* Change of SVRI In our study, the SVRI value at the time of admission was 1309.8 ± 540.6 dynes / sec / cm-5m2.
Conclusion: Prepared FluorideVarnish 5% achieves stability, safety, and organoleptic properties consistent with the requirements of a product for public use.
The effects of this spraying on both Vietnamese and United States Veterans health has been reported in many publications.
Keywords: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, late gadolinium enhancement
Diagnosis of Norovirus Gastroenteritis Sometimes reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) testing Diagnosis of norovirus is usually based on clinical suspicion in a patient with typical symptoms, especially during an outbreak.
1 INTRODUCTION Cancer at pancreatic head region accounts for about 5% of gastrointestinal malignancies, including cancers of the head of the pancreas, ampulla of Vater, the distal common bile duct, and the duodenum.
Suicide is the major cause of premature death among people with schizophrenia and explains, in part, why on average the disorder reduces life span by 10 years.
Treatment of early - stage breast cancer in women 70 years of age or older
The phases of rosacea are usually sequential.
This method has a good effect on reducing knee swelling and pain, easing knee joint stiffness, fits the treatment of knee osteoarthritis.
These guidelines aim to help health care practitioners effectively treat patients with complex regional pain syndrome and improve their ability to function.
In such people, a pervasive distrust and suspiciousness of others and their motives begin in early adulthood and extend throughout life.
Test neostigmine was positive at 88.4%.
Results: After 2 years of intervention, general hospital of Thot Not district had an average hospital quality score from 3.19 points to 3.61 points after intervention with p<0.001 and health center of Thoi Lai district got an average hospital quality score from 2.81 points increased to 3.57 points after intervention with p<0.001.
English summary: Elderly patients face many challenges during hospitalization, including maintaining good nutrition or preventing malnutrition-related complications.
Conclusions: Testicular cancer is treatable, with high survival outcomes if diagnosed early and treated promptly.
In the 1990s, youth suicide rates decreased after more than a decade of steady increase, only to start climbing again with an alarming increase in suicide deaths by gun.
Forgetting a critical piece of information won't just result in a lower test score, it can seriously harm your patients.
Keywords: malnutrition, neonate, congenital heart disease, corrective intervention, caloric intake, anthropometric indices.
On 96 cases with opportunistic infections hospitalised at the Hospital for Tropical Diseases from January 2003 to December 2003, 91.7% of them had a CD4+T-cell count<200 cells / mm3.
Antiphospholipid antibodies in patient plasma are then directly measured by immunoassays of IgG and IgM antibodies that bind to phospholipid / beta-2 glycoprotein 1 complexes.
For grade II injury, limitation of joint motion during ambulation may help (eg, wearing a stiff-soled shoe, walking boot, or shoe with an orthotic insert).
Renal disease Renal tubular disease, including proximal and distal renal tubular acidosis, can cause severe hypocalcemia due to abnormal renal loss of calcium and decreased renal conversion of vitamin D to active 1, 25 (OH) 2D.
Initial dose is 20 mg / kg orally once a day.
In comparison, the frequency of thyroid adenomas is not related to iodine intake.
Treatment of Tendinitis and Tenosynovitis Rest or immobilization, heat or cold, followed by exercise High-dose nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) Sometimes corticosteroid injection Symptoms are relieved by rest or immobilization (eg, splint or sling) of the tendon, application of heat (usually for chronic inflammation) or cold (usually for acute inflammation), and high-dose NSAIDs (see table) for 7 to 10 days.
This study had collected 428 food samples which were sent for analyzing at Testing Department - Long An preventive Medicine Center.
Signs develop only when mitral regurgitation becomes moderate to severe (see table Grading of Mitral Regurgitation).
Regarding access to information, 73% of pregnant women received information relating to breastfeeding and 76.6% of mother received information on breastfeeding in the first 6 months.
They are usually painful, but people with peripheral neuropathy due to diabetes or alcoholism may not feel them.
Complications include abdominal abscesses and enterocutaneous fistulas.
Objective: To describe EGJ morphology and LES pressure by HRM and some associated factors in patients with sliding hiatal hernia detected on endoscopy.
Patients and Methods: A case control study was carried out on one hundred and thirty-one patients with RA treated at the Department of Rheumatology, Cho Ray Hospital from October 2014 to April 2015 and one hundred and thirty-one age and sex matched control participants recruited from local communities.
Conclusions: Continuous thoracic epidural infusion with levobupivacaine-fentanyl after thoracotomy in children provided excellent analgesia. The side effects was minor and transient.
In Vietnam, mesenchymal stem cell isolation from bone marrow to evaluate the ability to regenerate bone tissue after graft from the combination of sea coral and autologous osteoblast on experimental (Huynh Duy Thao).
Methods: Prospective descriptive study.
The actual fault operation rate in this disease still remains high, approximately 15%.
There was no correlation between the concentration of IMA and the branching coronary lesions with r = - 0, 046, p > 0.05.
Ecchymosis is less common after copperhead and Mojave rattlesnake bites.
Clinicians should maintain a high degree of suspicion and refer the patient for biopsy if the lesion does not resolve in a few weeks.
When it is not or when it occurs in children (the most commonly affected age group), diagnosis may be difficult, and the disorder must be differentiated from other GI problems.
Management of distal ureter including excision of the bladder cuff presents a significant challenge laparoscopically and has not yet been standardized.
Patients and methods: Prospective, descriptive clinical study.
They can appear anywhere on the body in a variety of morphologies.
35% of (21 patients) in type 2 Diabetes Mellitus group have left ventricular diastolic dysfunction, 81% (17 patients) of those are left ventricular diastolic dysfunction grade 1, 19% (4 patients) of those are at grade 2.
Because the appendix rises in the abdomen as pregnancy progresses, pain and tenderness may not occur in the classic right lower quadrant location, and pain may be mild and cramping, mimicking pregnancy-related symptoms.
Hyperlipidemia was found in 5 patients with a rate of 8.3%, and the rate of hyperlipidemia in the 2 treatment groups had no significant difference (p = 0.353 > 0.05).
Indiscriminate ordering of laboratory tests is unlikely to be helpful and can be harmful (ie, because of adverse effects of unnecessary confirmatory testing of false positives).
Nonetheless, if focal neurologic symptoms, aphasia, or other symptoms that may herald stroke develop, OCs should be stopped immediately.
Liver and kidney toxicity are rare.
Optimizing the process of extracting mangiferin from medicinal herbs Tiger ginseng - GN16 with computer software Modde 8.0
For secondary hypogonadism, any underlying pituitary or hypothalamic disorder is treated.
Splenectomy was performed for this patient.
Objectives: Efficacy and safet of a palliative intervention, amnioreduction, used conventionally in mild-moderate stage TTTS pregnancies.
Conclusion: The study used hospital data to describe the characteristics of inpatient costs.
The less of rate of epilepsy EEG waves.
Background and aims: Risk factors for mortality following acute variceal haemorrhage are incompletely understood.
In response, TSH is released, which causes the thyroid to enlarge and trap iodine avidly; thus, goiter results.
Evaluating anal canal pressure and rectal sensation of dyssynergic defecation patients in HRAM
There were 3 patients who were identified with surgical site infection through bacterial culture, and were used antibiotics according to the antibiogram.
Burning mouth syndrome is uncommon and usually affects postmenopausal women.
The study was carried out to evaluate the safety and efficacy of thoracic duct embolization for chylous leakage at Ha Noi Medical University Hospital from April 2018 to June 2020.
Patients who present in coma and stupor have a mortality rate of about 20%.
Most pediatric urologists recommend prophylactic antibiotics for severe VUR at all ages, for VUR grades III to V in children < 2 years, and for children with recurrent febrile UTIs independent of VUR grade. There are multiple age - and weight-based recommendations for antibiotics, but, typically, children are given trimethoprim / sulfamethoxazole at bedtime, nitrofurantoin at dinnertime, or cephalexin twice daily.
Patients may have several TIAs daily or only 2 or 3 over several years.
Conclusions: ICH 24 hours score is a better predictor of bad outcome and mortality than emergency ICH.
Initial ivaluation of modified longo technique for surgical treatment of third and fourth degree hemorrhoids
The germinal center B cell subtype appeared 11.1%; whereas the non-germinal B cell type appeared 88.9%.
Subsequently, cranial nerves become entrapped, leading to facial palsy and deafness.
Arch Dis Child 44: 291 - 303, 1969; used with permission.
Water freely travels outside the vasculature, so as little as 10% of isotonic fluid remains in the intravascular space.
Ginsenosides is the specific group of compounds found in ginseng.
Then, axonal degeneration slowly ascends, producing the characteristic distal-to-proximal pattern of symptoms (stocking-glove sensory loss, followed by weakness).
Mortality rate of community acquired pneumonia was 50%, only 25% of community acquired pneumonia cases could determine microbiological causes.
Background: Nosocomial infection and antibiotic resistance are two actual problems of world's medicine, including Viet Nam's medicine because they raise the risk of death and financial burdens for therapy.
Mosaicism occurs in about 15% of cases.
Hereditary Neuropathies By Michael Rubin, MDCM, New York Presbyterian Hospital-Cornell Medical Center Reviewed / Revised Apr 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Hereditary neuropathies include a variety of congenital degenerative peripheral neuropathies (eg, Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease).
Contrast angiography historically has been the standard imaging test.
with good sensory quality.
Key words: Blood glucose, critical illness, hyperglycemia due to stress
Major non-hematologic toxic effects were nausea / vomiting and alopecia, usually grade I-II.
Assessment of minimal residual disease after autologous stem cell transplantation in the treatment of multiple myeloma by flow cytometry
Besides, the risk of occupational exposure leads to AR has not been fully measured as well as the effective and feasible preventionto minimize the influence of this disease has not found.
- Factors decreased disease-free survival and overall survival of patients in multivariable analysis: late lymph node stage, high lymph node metastasis ratio, diffuse and mixed type according to Lauren classification.
Colonization with Burkholderia cepacia complex occurs in about 2.6% of patients and may be associated with more rapid pulmonary deterioration.
When patients feel comfortable at one level of exposure, the exposure level is increased (eg, to touching the feared object).
Prognosis is generally good with prompt, adequate treatment.
Before giving PSA drugs, establish the patient's pre-sedation vital signs, cardiac rate and rhythm, mental status (level of consciousness), and quality of breathing and ventilation.
If patients admitted early before 6 hours, adenosine failed to terminate tachycardia in only 4.76% cases; however this rate increases up to 29.41% if patients come late after 12 hours.
Image of brain damage by thoracic ultraso Image of brain damage by thoracic ultrasound: Tapered ultrasound has a sensitivity and specificity (compared with computer tomography) of 100%.
Ultrasonography is aimed at detection of hydronephrosis.
It is not accompanied by S4 and is a louder, thudding sound, which indicates abrupt arrest of ventricular filling by a noncompliant, constricting pericardium.
The study of inpatients' satisfaction about health services at General Hospital of Hai Duong in 2015
Objectives: The aim of this study is to evaluate the symptom, diagnosis and laparoscopic treatment of small intestinal duplication in children. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical record of all patients, who were diagnosed a small intestinal duplication, were treated in Children's Hospital 2 from 01/06/2010 to 01/06/2011.Results: Fourteen patients were included in the series.
If the epithelium surrounding the dendrite is loose and edematous, debridement by gentle swabbing with a cotton-tipped applicator before beginning drug therapy may speed healing.
Conclusion: Developed a selective, accurate, and highly reliable analytical procedure for the simultaneous determination of 4 antibiotics sulfaquinoxaline, sulfamethoxazole, sulfathiazole, trimethoprim on poultry meat samples with satisfactory validation results, the application results on market samples have not detected antibiotic residues.
Dengue fever and mortality rate of HIV / AIDS in central district 5, 8 are more than two other ones.
Conclusions: Carotid endarterectomy is the safe and effective methods for preventing stroke due to stenosis of carotid artery.
1/30 samples had lead concentration, 1/30 samples had concentration of Cd exceeded the allowable threshold.
Some side effects such as redness, conjunctival irritation happening with low rate and without dengerous.
In multivariate logistic analysis, prolonged ventilation duration, mechanical ventilation weaning failure and high FiO2% were good predictors for the severity in VAP.
Romosozumab carries a black box warning due to increased risk for cardiovascular events, including myocardial infarction, stroke, and cardiovascular death.
It can be confirmed that 5 nosocomial infections occur related to many factors including: people, hospital environment and patients.
Overall satisfaction with the pain relief effect of the patients was 93.2% (192/206), of which 61.7% of the patients were very satisfied with the pain relief package.
Clinical characteristics of ovarian cysts in patients with laparoscopic surgery at National Hospital of Obstetrics and Gynecology
The correct behaviors for testing HIV; Intervention Effects is 3.5%.
Subjects and Methods: Cases were all patients that diagnosed nasopharyngeal carcinoma by pathology. Controls were non-cancer patients that diagnosed and followed up at the Department of Otolaryngologyat Cho Ray Hospital.
If attacks or subclinical inflammation persist, the colchicine dose should be increased.
Introduction: The intradural arteriovenous fistula is not often in early diagnosis.
Neonatal bacterial meningitis may also result from scalp lesions, particularly when developmental defects lead to communication between the skin surface and the subarachnoid space, which predisposes to thrombophlebitis of the diploic veins.
Some patients are irritable and mildly depressed.
The percentage of body fat can be estimated by measuring skinfold thickness (usually over the triceps) or determining mid upper arm muscle area.
In the study, we only used electric knives, ultrasonic knives and kelly pliers without using CUSA, according to table 3.23 it shows that: set of 3 (electric knife + Ultrasonic knife + Kelly) is used the most (74.7%), electric knife + Kelly accounted for 25.3%.
Keywords: Effort-Reward ratio, Psychosocial work environment
Treatment: Conservative 3, biopsy 2, Surgery - 13.
Method: 30 retrospective cases with AGIB treated with endovascular intervention in Cho Ray Hospital and University Medical Centre from January 2017 to July 2021.
Recently, topical β-blockers seem to be promising alternatives to treat patients with cancer who might be unsuitable candidates for an invasive procedure.
Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Arrhythmias By L Brent Mitchell, MD, Libin Cardiovascular Institute of Alberta, University of Calgary Reviewed / Revised Jan 2023 View Patient Education Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Any hypertrophic cardiomyopathy can produce cardiac and systemic factors that predispose to arrhythmias, including bradyarrhythmias, atrial and ventricular tachyarrhythmias, and sudden death, and eventually end-stage dilated cardiomyopathy.
Subcapsular haematomas appear as an elliptic collection of low-attenuation blood between the spleen capsules and enhanced splenic parenchyma that causes the indentation or flattening of the underlying spleen margin.
Group of patients diagnosed with diabetes at 12 weeks postpartum, the parameters of blood sugar, insulin, HOMA -% IR and HOMA -% B changed without statistical significance. Only the HOMA -% S parameter increased statistically.
RBC autohemolysis is increased and can be corrected by the addition of saline.
Preoperative, perioperative, early results and follow-up data was collected and analysed.
Angiotensin inhibition is first-line therapy.
Elderly patients are at risk of pulmonary complications after abdominal surgeries, specially with the use of opioids postoperative.
Objectives: To determine the proportion of students who had the right knowledge - attitude - pratice about the staying up late condition and factors that affected on it of the students at the medical school in Tay Ninh.
An improvement in FEV1 of > 12% or an increase ≥ 10% of predicted FEV1 in response to bronchodilator treatment confirms reversible airway obstruction, although absence of this finding should not preclude a therapeutic trial of long-acting bronchodilators.
Based on Ton That Tung's principle of hepatectomy, we determined the plane of liver cutting according to the landmarks and grooves described in liver division to perform hepatectomy combining the boundary between the discolored area due to ischemia (after clamping the Glisson pedicle corresponding to the portion of the liver intended for resection) and normal on the liver surface.
Renal histopathological lesions were classified according to International Society of Nephrology / Renal Pathology Society - ISN / RPS 's 2003.
Result: There were 61 investigated patients, median age was 2 (range, 1 - 11.5) months, median body weight was 4.5 (range, 3.4 - 7.8) kg, and the average duration of delayed sternal closure was 46 hours.
The reason for self-treatment at home was convenient (100%).
Prevent rodent access to food.
If the infant is adequately ventilated and the heart rate remains < 60 beats / minute, chest compressions should be given using the 2-thumb / chest encircling technique in a coordinated ratio of 3 compressions to 1 ventilation with 90 compressions and 30 ventilations per minute.
Many studies showed the correlation between gene polymorphisms and primary nephrotic syndrome.
Conclusions: The most common clinical manifestations of neonatal sepsis are difficulty breathing, and poor feeding.
Patients resist evaluation and treatment; they are usually brought to the physician's attention by family members or by intercurrent illness.
Major outcome parameters included hematocrit, and red cell transfusion requirements.
The rate and the level of left ventricular diastolic dysfunction on elderly type 2 diabetes patients
The combination of cardiovascular disease is also affects respiratory complications after total gastrectomy due stomach cancer.
A large area of atelectasis may cause symptomatic hypoxemia, but any other symptoms are due to the cause or a superimposed pneumonia.
Surgery combined with radiation therapy is the most common multimodal treatment methods for cancer patients.
In conclusion, the symptoms of DD were various and not specific.
It can be derived from animals, but most melatonin is manufactured synthetically.
There have been a lot of methods in treating depressive disorder.
Propofol may be anticipated to cause hypotension that usually is brief and readily managed.
Estimations of normal (A-a) DO2 values as < (2.5 + [FIO2 × age in years]) or as less than the absolute value of the FIO2 (eg, < 21 while breathing room air; < 30 on 30% FIO2) correct for these effects.
Actinic keratoses constitute a significant risk of progression to squamous cell carcinoma.
The secretion fragments of maxillary sinus were performed Gram stain, aerobe and anaerobe culture, culture-direct antibiotic therapy.
Panic Attacks and Panic Disorder By John W Barnhill, MD, New York-Presbyterian Hospital Reviewed / Revised Apr 2020 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Topic Resources Symptoms of a Panic Attack Overview of Panic Disorder A panic attack is the sudden onset of a discrete, brief period of intense discomfort, anxiety, or fear accompanied by somatic and / or cognitive symptoms.
The cancers most commonly increased due to immunosuppressive drugs are skin cancers (including melanoma), kidney cancer, and neuroblastoma.
Risk factors for severe disease include older age, immunocompromise, comorbidities (eg, diabetes, chronic kidney disease), and pregnancy.
Leukemias are commonly also categorized as Acute or chronic: Based on the percentage of blasts or leukemia cells in bone marrow or blood Myeloid or lymphoid: Based on the predominant lineage of the malignant cells The four most common leukemias and their distinguishing features are summarized in the table Findings at Diagnosis in the Most Common Leukemias.
Early, aggressive treatment may include angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, angiotensin receptor II blockers, and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs, eg, indomethacin) for proteinuria; diuretics, IV albumin, and fluid restriction for edema; and antibiotics, anticoagulation, and hypernutrition.
Etiology of Obstructive Uropathy Many conditions can cause obstructive uropathy, which may be acute or chronic, partial or complete, and unilateral or bilateral (see table Causes of Obstructive Uropathy).
Compared with parenteral nutrition, enteral nutrition has the following advantages: Better preservation of the structure and function of the GI tract Lower cost Probably fewer complications, particularly infections Specific indications for enteral nutrition include the following: Prolonged anorexia Severe protein-energy undernutrition Coma or depressed sensorium Liver failure Inability to take oral feedings due to head or neck trauma Critical illnesses (eg, burns) causing metabolic stress Other indications may include bowel preparation for surgery in seriously ill or undernourished patients, closure of enterocutaneous fistulas, and small-bowel adaptation after massive intestinal resection or in disorders that may cause malabsorption (eg, Crohn disease).
During a forced inspiration, negative pleural pressure holds the floppy trachea open.
Subjects: The dissection 54 deltoid regions in 27 Vietnames adult cadavers (13 males, 14 females) at the Anatomical Department of Ho Chi Minh Medical University in March 2014 and September 2016.
In particular, oocyte-activating factor (OAD) deficiency was mentioned as the cause of failure of many cases of infertility treatment with intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI).
Check reliability by calculating Cronbach alpha and Test-retest values.
They may repeatedly attempt to obtain justice through appeals to courts and other government agencies and may resort to violence in retaliation for the imagined persecution.
Prevention of mental status changes Family members can be asked to bring missing eyeglasses and hearing aids.
Disease incidence is directly related to the immunization level in a population, attesting to the effectiveness of preventive efforts.
A research of Vu Manh Tuan, 2013, over 320 pupils 7 - 8 years-old in Dong Nga A junior school, Hanoi city, applied ICDAS supported with Diagnodent as in our own research.
Over time, scarring and irreversible changes may occur, including nail atrophy, pterygium formation, and total nail loss.
Suspicion for SCID, a true pediatric emergency, must be high because prompt diagnosis is essential for survival.
Conclusion: Strengthen communication on femoral neck fracture prevention in elderly women to reduce hip arthroplasty.
Methods: CT scanimages of 192 patients (43 with non-inflamed mucocele, 29 with inflamed mucocele, 120 with acute appendicitis without mucocele) were recorded.
Conclusions: Hybrid surgery for treatment of acute TBAD with inappropriate proximal landing zone has good results, complications and mortality rate are low.
+ Time of acute bleeding phase was counted in 120 hours (5 days) (2) - Patients underwent early TIPS placement who already had episodes of bleeding due to rupture of varices with high risk of recurrent bleeding: + Early TIPS was given within 72 hours from admission at the hospital; ideally, within the first 24 hours after admission despite successful treatment with endoscopy.
Because the symptoms are similar to influenza symptoms, an occupational or exposure history is necessary to avoid a delay in diagnosis.
Keywords: Acute urinary retention (AUR), Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH).
Hypoglycemia refractory to high rates of glucose infusion may be treated with hydrocortisone 12.5 mg / m 2 every 6 hours.
The staging procedure includes hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy.
Assessment of symptoms with a standardized symptom scale or during intravesical potassium chloride infusion (potassium sensitivity testing) may improve diagnostic accuracy but is not yet routine practice.
The highest priority treatments are rapid cooling and aggressive supportive measures including the use of dantrolene.
Apoptosis tags a cell for immediate phagocytosis, which prevents spillage of the cellular contents and development of subsequent inflammation.
Signs of folliculitis are a superficial pustule or inflammatory nodule surrounding a hair follicle.
Combining focal defect in the bowel wall and segmental bowel-wall thickening give speficity and positive predictive value of nearly 100%.
Their precursor, proenkephalin, is formed in the cell body, then split by specific peptidases into the active peptides.
Evaluating blood tonic effed on mice which were injected APH.
It shows the kinetics, pathogenesis, physiology and pathology of the MI to aid in the diagnosis, treatment and prognosis of the disease.
Subjects, Location and Time applied to the study 2.1.1.
The health care regime of the enterprise when employees have chronic diseases or have weak health is to arrange suitable working positions (65, 13%), convalescence, health rehabilitation treatment (39, 14%) and specialized examination and treatment (29, 08%).
ECG ECG is the most important test and should be done as soon as possible (eg, within 10 minutes of presentation).
Analyzed correlation, Receiver operating characteristics (ROC), calculated the area under the curve (AUC) for serum Cystatin C Results: The level of serum Cystatin C gradually significantly increased in healthy subjects, prediabetes, and type 2 diabetic patients (0.848±0.097; 0.894±0.113; 1.410±0.900 mg / L, p<0.05, respectively).
Patients with high NRS-2002 scores tended to be thinner than patients with low NRS-2002 scores, p<0.01.
Methods: Medical records and patients treated at HIV / AIDS Medical Center were subjects of the study.
Staphylococcal toxic shock syndrome Staphylococcal toxic shock syndrome may result from use of vaginal tampons or other devices or complicate any type of S aureus infection (eg, postoperative wound infection, infection of a burn, skin infection).
Key Points In the US, common venomous snakes include rattlesnakes, copperheads, and cottonmouths (all pit vipers), but rattlesnakes account for most bites and almost all deaths.
With 9.31 ± 6.18 days of treatment duration, the treatment cost of MI was 69.9 ± 3.6 million VND, in which cost for medical services was accounted for 93.76% (65.5 ± 3.5 million VND), which was 15 times higher than cost for drugs (6.24% with 4.4 ± 0.8 million VND).
For patients not undergoing PCI, heparin is continued for 48 hours (or longer if symptoms persist).
Thus, decreasing a test's sensitivity and specificity or increasing its risk narrows the range of probabilities of disease over which testing is the best strategy.
Background: Low-grade inflammation and insulin resistance were nontraditional cardiovascular risk factors.
Table Airway and Breathing Opening the airway is the second priority (see Clearing and Opening the Upper Airway) after beginning chest compressions.
Symptoms and Signs of Secondary Adrenal Insufficiency Symptoms and signs are similar to those of Addison disease and include fatigue, weakness, weight loss, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea.
Alcohol dehydrogenase 1B (ADH1B) is an enzyme involved mainly alcohol metabolism in humans, there are 3 allele variants affecting the alcohol metabolism of ADH1B (ADH1B * 1, ADH1B * 2 and ADH1B * 3).
Various drugs have been evaluated for diabetes prevention.
In seasonal affective disorder, symptoms develop in a seasonal pattern, typically during autumn or winter; the disorder tends to occur in climates with long or severe winters.
Keywords: Foot drop, tibialis posterior tendon transfer
The patients younger than 40 years old were better than the olders (97, 9% and 86, 7%) but the difference was not significant (P> 0, 05).
The sagittal condylar path inclination (mean value 43.38 ± 6.710, ranging from 24.260 to 57.650) was moderately correlated with the anterior guidance inclination (mean value of 53.96 ± 6.360, ranging from 40.560 to 68.770).
Use low-pressure ventilation with a LMA to prevent air from escaping the low-pressure seal and causing gastric insufflation.
Patients should be told that recording of mental status is routine and that they should not be embarrassed by its being done.
The mortality rate in the respiratory tract infections group was 61.5%.
Geriatrics Essentials for Delirium Delirium is more common among older people.
Sarcopenia and nutrition status in elderly inpatients
Results: 100 adult psoriasis patients and 100 other skin patients (control) were enrolled.
Good asthma control was statistically associated with passive smoking status, exercising, age of patients at asthma diagnosis, hospitalization within the past year and symptoms of asthma.
The prevalence of non-communicable diseases and its related factors among individuals aged 40 years and older living in long thuan commune, ben cau district, tay ninh province
Ventilatory failure associated with these problems results only when the ability to compensate is compromised.
Some results about advances in research and clinical applications are meta-analyzed in this article: PLCζ - oocyte activating factor from sperm, structure of PLCζ, localization pattern of PLCζ in sperm, PLCζ with defects and male infertility, clinical application of PLCζ in treatment and improvement of human insemination procedure.
Constitution had good result of 82.5%, 94.9% and 93.3%, respectively.
Kidney disease is one of the most common causes of death worldwide.
A comfortable nursing brassiere worn 24 hours / day can help, as can applying cool compresses after breastfeeding and taking a mild analgesic (eg, ibuprofen).
To evaluate hematological features and metabolic characteristics; and determine the contributing factors to the treatment outcome of COVID-19 patients.
Orthopedic surgery (eg, muscle-tendon release or transfer) may help reduce restricted joint motion or misalignment.
Antiviral resistance mutations were identified by sequencing HBV-reverse transcriptase domains. Factors associated with virological response and antiviral resistance mutations were analyzed.
Materials and methods: 90 reports of adverse drug reations belonging to the type of drug allergic reaction at Hue University of Medicine and Pharmacy Hospital in the period of 2017 - 2019.
The six new 'arms' of the trial each recruited approximately 175 candidates, adding a further 1070 recruits into this programme.
Clinical case: The authors introduced 3 clinical cases of late-onset abscess after acid hyaluronic fillers injection in the facial area.
Prognosis is excellent in the absence of significant regurgitation, but chordal rupture and endocarditis may occur.
Therefore, idiopathic SH may be considered as a remitting or self-limiting process, with low risk of progression toward overt hypothyroidism [34, 35].
P aeruginosa had relatively low resistance to Imipenem, meropenem, Amikacin.
Recognition of factors such as: size, number, location, macroscopic apperance of tumors, T stage, grade, whether or not the presence of mucle in the pathologic specimen.
Patients with nephrotic-range proteinuria (> 3 g/24 h or urine protein / creatinine ratio > 3) usually have a poorer prognosis and progress to renal failure more rapidly.
Facial nerve injury usually occurs at or distal to its exit from the stylomastoid foramen and results in facial asymmetry, especially during crying.
Radionuclide imaging is often done before and after an oral dose of captopril 50 mg.
After 24 hours, post spaces were prepared (l=10 mm).
Method and materials: The descriptive case series was used in this study, observing on 30 fresh cadaver tibiae and 120 3D models of the tibiae, which were reconstruction through on CT - scan.
Neoplastic GGO results mainly from alveolar wall covering tumor growth or hemorrhagic tumor [8, 9].
Objective: To investigate the prevalence of sepsis, mortality rate and efficacy of infection control program in 108 Military Central Hospital from 2015 to 2018.
To be classified as a substance-withdrawal disorder, the withdrawal syndrome must cause the patient significant distress and / or impair functioning (eg, social, occupational).
If this cannot be achieved with metformin alone, basal insulin or liraglutide should be started.
Theproportion of patients with medium or large reversibledefectwas45.3%.
Aneurysms at these locations frequently accompany abdominal aortic aneurysms, and > 50% are bilateral.
CA Cancer J Clin 70 (1): 7 - 30, 2020. doi: 10.3322 / caac.21590 Etiology of Colorectal Cancer Colorectal cancer (CRC) most often occurs as transformation within adenomatous polyps.
Updates on novel therapies for atopic dermatitis based on its pathophysiology
All patients tested for antinuclear antibody were positive, positive for anti-Scl-70 antibody accounted for 67.9%, the positive anticentromere antibody was 31.3%.
To study the value of FDG PET / CT in predicting EGFR mutation status in patients with lung adenocarcinoma.
Hemolytic uremic syndrome in children: two case report at pediatric intensive care unit in children hospital 1
See also Perinatal Problems.
For each patient, two different plans were created for the entire treated breast (including IMRT and FiF techniques) with only one CT simulator series.
Intellectual labor and highly-educated patients were more knowledgeable than manual labor and low-educated groups however.
Transmission begins when a female Anopheles mosquito feeds on a person with malaria and ingests blood containing gametocytes.
In acute calculous cholecystitis, which is usually caused by impaction of a stone in the cystic duct, the gallbladder does not appear on a scintigraphic scan because the radionuclide cannot enter the gallbladder.
Transmission is by close skin contact—sexual or not—primarily between children living in conditions of poor hygiene.
Tests are not needed unless symptoms are related to swallowing, examination is abnormal, or there are red flag findings.
Most of causes of food poisoning were microorganisms (64.56%), followed by natural toxins (20.25%).
There was a high correlation between the pulsatility index on transcranial Doppler ultrasonography and the intracranial pressure at the first day to the fifth day, and at the intracranial pressure were over 20 mm Hg group.
The bacterium was mainly E coli.
Complications in 2 case: case 1 had pancreatic fistula: after spenectomy and pancreatic suture; progressed to subdiaghram abcess; reoperation: leak in the suture line; manage: reinforce the pancreas; the patient was stable and discharged then.
Western diets typically are low in omega-3 fatty acids.
Fixing the eyes on a stationary object or on the horizon can help, as can lying down and keeping the eyes closed.
The bronchial anastomosis requires intussusception or wrapping with omentum or pericardium to facilitate adequate healing.
Color m-mode propagation velocity (vp) to assess the left ventricular diastolic function in hypertension patients.
However, the uneven distribution of vaccination rates among countries and regions makes the vaccination process ineffective.
Treatment efficacy and recurrence were evaluated with dual-phase spiral computed tomography (CT) Results: Complete necrosis after single or multiple treatments was achieved in 86.7% (26/30) tumors.
Diagnosis DNA mutation analysis Sometimes muscle biopsy with immunostaining analysis of dystrophin Diagnosis is suspected by characteristic clinical findings, age at onset, and family history suggestive of X-linked recessive inheritance. Myopathic changes are noted on electromyography (rapidly recruited, short duration, low-amplitude motor unit potentials) and, when done, muscle biopsy shows necrosis and marked variation in muscle fiber size not segregated by motor unit.
Treatment of Cervicitis Usually treatment for chlamydia and gonorrhea In certain clinical situations, patients with signs and symptoms suggestive of cervicitis should be treated empirically for gonorrhea and chlamydia, even before test results are received.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is one of the most frequent hereditary disorders and it affects to more than 400 million people in the world.
Patients with a colostomy should wear a large bag and expect frequent filling due to expansion of intestinal gas.
Conclusion: Anorectal Advancement Flap technique can be used for suprasphincteric fistula.
Introduction: Gastrointestinal bleeding (GI) is an emergency and surgical common, many complications of the disease, leading to death if not diagnosed and treated promptly.
Almost of aneurysm'size was 5 - 15 mm (61, 9%).
Most people residing in the city with 205 people (64.3%).
To evaluate of treatment outcome in patients with Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) CD20 (+) at Military Central Hospital 108.
This therapy may help patients with hypoxemic respiratory failure not due to heart failure and who are not hypercapneic.
A part of biosy sample store at - 200Cfor PCR.
However, if further concerns arise, additional diagnostic tests (eg, abdominal x-rays, rarely rectal wall biopsy, and even more rarely bowel motility studies) can be considered.
The sensitivity and specificity of CTX-M to diagnose broad spectrum cephalosporin resistance were 77.8 - 89.5% and 82.9 - 91.3%, respectively. Similar results were found of TEM with 74.1 - 78.9% and 75.9 - 87.0%, respectively.
On the case of esophageal cancer who was undergone thoracoscopic esophagectomy with esophageal reconstruction by left colon interposition, we have been referencing some medical documents in order to finding out the best surgical technique, indications and advantages of this procedure.
Most of them were male (81.2%), had over 65 years old (25.4%), had underfed living (87.7%), lived in countrysides (69.6%), and were farmers (73.3%).
Clinically, Russell took the deltoid flap to size: 33 x 13 cm and the flap lived completely.
Objectives: Can Tho Hematology - Blood Transfusion Hospital is the only hospital in the Mekong Delta that specializes hematology, including treatment of malignant hematologic diseases.
Laser-guided sensors are used.
Objectives: To detect the prevalence of HPV 16 and E6/E7 HPV16 in cervical cancer tissues.
When an Unna boot (zinc oxide - impregnated bandages) is properly applied, covered by compression bandages, and changed weekly, almost all ulcers heal.
The rate of cure is 94% and mortality rate is 1%.
It can detect the new small lesions that were missed by preoperative diagnosis, so it gives hepatic resection the better results. But so far more studies with larger number of patients have to be realized for better evaluations.
Objectives: Determine the 4-week postpartum survival rate in the group of preterm infants with gestational age of 24 - 28 weeks and the influencing factors before and after birth.
100% of patients were severe pneumonia with APACHE II score of 20.17 ± 4.3 after 24 hours.
A cross - sectional descriptive study was carried on325 Covid-19 patients treated at the Intensive Care Center from September 2021 to November 2021.
Inappropriate prescribing of antipsychotic drugs in the elderly using stopp/start criteria
Evaluation of adverse effects of video-assisted intubation, Macintosh laryngoscope for cervical spine surgery patients In Group M, the percentage of patients with heart rate change over 20% was 23.8% compared with before intubation in Group VL with 2.5%, there was a difference with p < 0.05.
With a HEART score of 7 - 10 points belonging the high risk group, there were up to 77.8% of the patients having events.
Subject and method: A retrospective descriptive study was conducted on 44 patients diagnosed with chronic otitis media.
Small aneurysms 100%.
Remove the tumor (eg, by suction curettage), then classify the tumor based on clinical criteria.
Results: There were 15 patients with post-operative duodenal fistula.
+ Reseacher has built a collecting data sheets to collect information completely and accurately: determining the location of the upper labial frenum attachment, its shape + Laser-Diode surgical technique procedure for treating abnormal upper labial frenum attachment is fully described as well as criteria for evaluating treatment results are detailed, complete and objective.
The mean serum retinol concentration, the prevalence of sub-VAD and marginal and sub-clinical VAD were statistically different between the two and the four age groups.
Prevalence of diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetic patients treated at the Endocrinology department in Bach Mai hospital
Objectives: To investigate the epidemiological, clinical and laboratory features of biliary atresia patients and and the result of kasai operation at Children Hospital N0 1.
Keywords: systemic lupus erythematous, children, sledai.
Recurrence of hematuria, especially without casts and dysmorphic red cells, should prompt a referral for urologic evaluation.
FFP is ineffective in managing bleeding due to direct factor Xa inhibitors.
Our SILS operations started with a z-shaped umbilical skin incision and placement of three 3 - 5 mm ports at separate places in the same incision site.
Dexamethasone 8 mg IV or orally once a day for the first 2 to 4 days may lessen the acute inflammatory response as the worms die.
The endoscopic approach to the frontal sinus is one of the most complicated surgery which requires sound anatomical knowledge, highest surgical skills and dexterity.
For adrenocorticotrophic hormone-secreting tumors, 6 of 12 patients (50%) showed normalization of their endocrine levels at a mean of 10 months.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women.
Catheter thrombosis and portal venous thrombosis in neonates after umbillical vein catheterization in city childrens hospital
The mean hypertension days was 7.1 ± 2.68 days.
This study was conducted to optimize some factors affecting on extraction of dried residue from Eurycoma longifolia Jack root by distillation in ethanol: Extraction temperature at 83.2oC, in 202.2 minutes with 80% ethanol solvent and the ratio between solvent and material is 20/1 (mL / g) for the highest efficiency of 7.2%.
Therefore, sodium salt intake was equal to amount of seasonings multiply with content of sodium salt in the seasonings.
Treatment Only for symptomatic or high-risk patients Fluconazole or, for resistant organisms, amphotericin B; sometimes flucytosine is added Fungal colonization of catheters does not require treatment.
Introduction: Hyperglycemia is frequently encounted in patients undergoing cardiac surgery with cardiopulmonary bypass support.
The most frequent combination of attenuations was soft tissue, fluid and fat, which was noted in 11 tumors (37.9%).
Research methods and techniques used include cross-sectional descriptive methods, questionnaire surveys and questionnaire interviews; statistical methods and data processing by excel software.
Keywords: morphine intravenous perfusion, analgesia.
Evaluate the results of multidetector ct for diagnostic right lower quadrant pain
A 2019 systematic review and meta-analysis of 32 randomized placebo controlled trials (1700 subjects) using zinc monosupplements or with co-supplements in patients with prediabetes or diabetes, obesity or overweight, and pregnant women with prediabetes or diabetes, found a significant decrease in fasting glucose of 14 mg / dL (0.8 mmol / L) and hemoglobin A1C of 0.55% (10).
It may have a central zone of calcification, may be diffusely calcified, or may be accompanied by small satellite nodules that resemble a tuberculoma [36, 40].
Nausea is the most common problem during the first 2 weeks; modest dose-dependent increases in blood pressure (BP) occur with high doses.
This is the third reason causing cancer-death in Asia-Pacific region.
Recurrent sinopulmonary infections lead to recurrent pneumonia, bronchiectasis, and chronic restrictive pulmonary disease.
Materials and Methods: A case series study, all case of adrenal cancers with tumor thrombus jutting into the inferior cava vena were performed adrenalectomy with removal of tumor intravascular extension at Cho Ray Hospital from 09/2016 to 08/2017. Analyzing age, sex, tumor size, stage of cancer, endocrine secretions, Operative time, blood loss, the hospital stay, intra - or post - operative complication, surgical pathology.
The first report contributing biggest Database of mutations in NPHS2 gene in Vietnam patients to date: 37 synonymous mutations 288C>T (S96S), 10 mutations with two types of mutations: missense mutation 507C>T (L169F) and synonymous mutation 452G>A (G150G), 3 cases 102 G> A (G34G).
Several strategies have been used with modest results, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, antimalarials, dapsone, and thalidomide.
ECMO cannulation techniques (percutaneous or surgery cannulation).
Additionally, parafollicular cells (C cells) secrete the hormone calcitonin, which is released in response to hypercalcemia and lowers serum calcium levels (see Regulation of Calcium Metabolism).
The mean score of PANSS scales decreased in all items.
Heat increases blood flow and the extensibility of connective tissue; heat also decreases joint stiffness, pain, and muscle spasm and helps relieve inflammation, edema, and exudates.
CMT2A is usually an autosomal dominant disorder and is axonal.
Transmission has been interrupted after 4 to 6 years of annual treatment.
Continuous Hemofiltration and Hemodialysis By L Aimee Hechanova, MD, Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center, El Paso Reviewed / Revised Sep 2022 View Patient Education Continuous hemofiltration and hemodialysis procedures filter and dialyze blood without interruption.
Dorsiflexion 10 times / hour is probably sufficient.
The abdominal examination should focus on signs of hepatic congestion or masses, which could suggest either cancer or hematemesis from potential esophageal varices.
A baumanni has strong antibiotic resistance.
Key Points Amnesias have various causes, including traumatic brain injury, degenerative dementias, metabolic disorders, seizures, and psychologic trauma or stress.
95% confidence interval was recorded as 0.762 - 0.942: The cut-off point is 2.
If induced by infection with C trachomatis, doxycycline 100 mg orally 2 times a day for up to 3 months may accelerate recovery, but this is controversial.
- Applying a model of home rehabilitation with training for family members and the supervision of collaborators for children with CP who have mobility difficulties due to birth defects.
Mechanical ventilation with NAVA method 1.3.2.1.
It also detects other causes of paralysis that may mimic myelopathy, including lesions of the cauda equina, spinal roots, and brachial and lumbosacral plexuses.
The upper lobe pulmonary veins may be dilated.
It is mostly due to a low flow state like hypovolemic shock or congestive heart failure.
Degree of xerostomia and salivary characteristics were compared between CKD patients to non-CKD patients.
Intravenous microbubbles from agitated saline that are normally trapped in the pulmonary capillaries rapidly (ie, within 7 heartbeats) traverse the lung and appear in the left atrium.
T3cDM has differing pathophysiology than other subtypes of DM and therefore differing disease course and treatment.
Objectives: to study the correlation, agreement and accuration of Doppler echocardiography technique and right heart catheterization technique in evaluating systolic pulmonary artery pressure in patients with mitral valve stenosis.
Evaluation of the results of emrgency treatment of expistaxis at Hue Central Hospital
Volume of aerobic exercise is graded simply by duration.
The proportion of elderly people without diabetes and diabetic retinopathy but with other eye diseases is 52/142 people (accounting for 36.61%); 5 patients with DR with macular edema were referred to the eye hospital for urgent treatment.
However, polar compounds, which account for most drug metabolites, cannot diffuse back into the circulation and are excreted unless a specific transport mechanism exists for their reabsorption (eg, as for glucose, ascorbic acid, and B vitamins).
Tran Viet Ha studied about infection caused by bacteria in patients who suffered from hematopoiesis with neutropenia at National Institute of Hematology - Blood Transfusion.
Unstable angina Because angina characteristics are usually predictable for a given patient, any changes (ie, rest angina, new-onset angina, increasing angina) should be considered serious, especially when the angina is severe (ie, Canadian Cardiovascular Society class 3 or 4).
"Those antibodies are specific against the COVID-19 virus so... we would anticipate those antibodies would interfere with the immune response stimulated by the vaccine," Schaffner said.
Conclusion: the dimention of tumors in this study were not so big and the technique of VATS is not difficult to do. The early result is an encouraging signs.
ADCn were calculated by divided ADCt to ADCn.
Balanitis, Posthitis, and Balanoposthitis By Patrick J Shenot, MD, Thomas Jefferson University Hospital Reviewed / Revised May 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Topic Resources Causes of Penile Inflammation Balanitis is inflammation of the glans penis, posthitis is inflammation of the prepuce, and balanoposthitis is inflammation of both.
Size of stone was 1 - 2 cm.
Results: Majority of patients VAs with origin of RV-OT (74.1%), average age is 50.5 years old, the rate of female is higher than that of male (69.0% vs 31.0%).
Results: Study on 102 patients with cardiac arrest: Male / female ratio is 1.04, patients in urban areas are more than in rural areas, mainly in the age group under 1 year old (43.1%), the prevalence of underlying diseases accounted for 56.9%, of which cardiovascular diseases accounted for the highest rate (34.5%).
There was a positive correlation between the time of operation and the weight of the uterus in both LH and VH.
Prevention of Cytomegalovirus Prophylaxis or preemptive treatment (actively monitoring patients by viral load and giving antiviral drugs to those with evidence of infection) is effective for preventing CMV disease in solid organ or hematopoietic cell transplant recipients infected with CMV and at risk of CMV disease.
Melanomas occur mainly on the skin but also on the mucosa of the oral, genital, and rectal regions and conjunctiva.
Among 102 cases positive with PCR technique, only 83 were positive with agarose gel electrophoresis of the RNA extracted from the samples.
There was a statistically significant association between smartphone addiction and sleep disturbances and psychological disstress among participants (p <0.05).
Just before ovulation, cervical mucus is clear and copious with abundant ferning because estrogen levels are high.
Growth retardation was found in 72% and weight deficiency in 57%.
Intraoperatively we found malrotation with 360o midgut volvulus without vascular compromise.
Face-to-face interviews were conducted for collecting socio-demographical characteristics and HIV risk behavior data.
PA parameters from the device were transferred to the computer using the software Omron Bi-Link.
Objectives: Assess association between level of serum vitamin D concentration and clinical features of CU at Dermato-Venereological hospital of Ho Chi Minh city.
Thus, specific treatment, pathologic features, and time of disease detection greatly affect renal failure complications in adult nephrotic syndrome patients.
Nevertheless, subtypes with concentric left ventricular hypertrophy or isolated left ventricular apical hypertrophy are recognized.
Ciprofloxacin 500 mg orally 2 times a day for 7 days has been used to treat cystoisosporiasis, but it is less effective than TMP / SMX.
Overall, 1 - and 2-year survival rates were 70% and 60%, respectively.
In neutropenic patients, retinal hemorrhages occasionally also occur, but actual infection of the eye is rare.
Urine culture was positive in 12cases (16.21%). Conclusions: Extended calico-pyelo-nephrolithotomy through avascular plane between posterior-inferior renal segments is an effective and not too-complicated means of rendering patients with complex staghorn calculi stone free.
Mini - PCNL devices with 18 and 20 Ch.
Any middle ear drainage is sent for culture and sensitivity.
A good rule of thumb for age is Birth to 5 years: 1 unit insulin per 30 g carbohydrate 6 to 12 years: 1 unit insulin per 15 g carbohydrate Adolescence: 1 unit insulin per 5 to 10 g carbohydrate In type 2 diabetes, patients should be encouraged to lose weight and thus increase insulin sensitivity.
Conclusion: Through a survey of 25 preterm infants with premature infants with significant patent ductus arteriosus receiving paracetamol intravenous was noticeably effective of ductal closure, no side effects of paracetamol.
Visual acuity is measured with and without the patients' own glasses.
Repeated laryngoscopy (≥ 3 attempts) is associated with much higher rates of significant hypoxemia, aspiration, and cardiac arrest.
Background: Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) is a common congenital cardiac disease.
Knowledge, attitude, and level of compliance of nurses with anaphylaxis at vinmec times city hospital
Keywords: simple bone csyt, curettage and bone grafting, high-speed burring, minimally invasive techniques.
This result did not overlap with any other domestically and internationally studies.
A comparison on lowering blood sugar effect of tieu khat hoan and metformin in type 2 diabetics
Methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study of 122 consecutive patients with chronic coronary syndrome admitted Cho Ray Hospital from January 2020 to June 2020.
Rate of repeat abortion and related factors in women to unwanted abortion at can tho gynecology obstetrics hospital
Subacute Sclerosing Panencephalitis (SSPE) By Brenda L Tesini, MD, University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry Reviewed / Revised May 2023 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Prognosis Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis is a progressive, usually fatal brain disorder occurring months to usually years after an attack of measles.
Results: 76 prolonged DDS children consisted of DSS (78.9%), severe DSS (21.1%), Clinical findings included shock 100%, acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) 18.4%, hepatic failure 23.7%, gastrointestinal bleeding 67.1%, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome 22.4%.
Estrogen may contribute because estrogen levels are elevated in patients with hyperemesis gravidarum.
Partial exchange is done by removing blood in aliquots of 5 mL / kg and immediately replacing it with an equal volume of 0.9% saline.
Subjects: Study the incidence, symptoms and surgery results of parotids tumors treatment at Chợ Rẫy Hospital.
The quality of public hospitals in can tho city, 2016.
Forgoing nutritional support may be difficult for family members to accept, but they should understand that patients are usually more comfortable eating and drinking as they choose.
Thus, other studies may need to be obtained based on findings from the history and physical examination (see table Some Causes of Chest Pain).
Urinary tract infections is one of the most frequent infectious disease relating to medical care, of which 80% occur when patients are catheter up.
The main effects of IL-21 are Stimulation of B-cell proliferation after CD40 cross-linking Stimulation of NK cells Costimulation of T cells Stimulation of bone marrow precursor cell proliferation Clinical relevance of IL-21 includes In clinical trials, stimulation of cytotoxic T-cells and NK cells in cancer For IL-21 antagonists, potential in the treatment of autoimmune disorders IL-22 is produced by NK cells, Th17 cells, and gamma-delta T cells.
Electroretinography Electrodes are placed on each cornea and on the surrounding skin, and electrical activity in the retina is recorded.
Computed tomography and ultrasound image features in renal trauma.
Combination of ultrasound, mammography and fine needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) can confirm lesions.
Results: Regarding the correct knowledge in outpatien treatment, how to use drug package A had the highest correct rate (92.8% and 82.5%), 84% of patients had complete knowledge about How to use drug package C, 34.6% of workers had knowledge of signs of severe change that need to be contacted quickly for emergency and timely treatment.
Surgical repair of the aorta and placement of a synthetic graft are needed for ascending aortic dissection and for certain descending aortic dissections.
Status of subcutaneous atrophy progressive worsening for years causing facial deformity.
There were 139 patients (86.9%) successfully treated, 11 patients (6.9%) transferred to another specialty and 10 patients (6.3%) died during hospital treatment.
Impacting factors for outcome of fixed-combination Brinmonidin and Brinzolamid (Simbrinza) in glaucoma treatment
English summary: Children with congenital heart disease (CHD) are at risk of malnutrition.
Objectives: Evaluating outcomes and the safety of Mini - PCNL.
Subject and method: Prospective, descriptive, cross-sectional study.
Physical examination Examination is usually unrewarding but should seek signs of chronic disease (eg, cachexia).
During follow-up, 3990 (80.9%) of patients died, of which 3707 (92.9%) died from lung cancer, only 283 (17.1%) died from diseases or causes.
Research to complete the process of analyzing total Anthraquinone in medicinal materials by photometric method
Conclusion: Pilocytic astrocytoma occurred primarily in children, more frequent occurrenced at cerebellum and cerebral hemisphere, the most common clinical symtoms were intracranial hypertension and cerebellar syndrome.
In patients with hypernatremia and euvolemia, free water can be replaced using either 5% D / W or 0.45% saline.
OKL38 may represent a novel marker for detection of HCC and kidney cancers
Objective: Aim of this paper is to analyze the isolated bacteriological characteristic and antibiotic therapy.
S aureus sensitive to Vancomicin.
Objective: To evaluate the result of using the microdissected thin anterolateral thigh flap for the reconstruction of soft tissue defects.
Left ventricular hypertrophy increased the risk of diastolic dysfunction.
The treatment regimen is complex and may take up to 2 hours each day.
Symptoms are due to hypercalcemia.
Subjects were then randomly assigned to either the cetylpyridinium chloride (CPC) rinse group or placebo rinse group and instructed to begin rinsing twice a day with 20 ml of their assigned mouth rinse for 1 minute.
Factors relationship colleagues account for the highest percentage 80% considered the driving force; The lowest is the 24% working condition factor considered as the driving force; The salary factor of 34% is considered as the motivational factor; The factor that direct managers 54% considered motivating; Factor benefits 45% as the driving force; Factor of non-material reward mechanism Factor of benefits 36% is considered as driving force; The working environment factor of 27% is considered the driving force; Factors nature of work 79% considered as motivation; Internal communication factor 71% considered the driving force.
Propagation speed is higher in myelinated fibers because the myelin cover has regular gaps (nodes of Ranvier) where the axon is exposed.
Women are more vulnerable to malnutrition than men, especially during pregnancies and lactation.
Reference intervals of ten biochemical indicators of pregnant women in the third trimester were established and can serve as a reference for clinicians caring for pregnant women.
Most of the LTAs are larger than 1, 5 mm (93, 33%), can be preserved when harvesting the flap to increase the viability of the flap.
Conclusion: All of the rectal cancers do not extend more than 2 cm distal to the tumor.
Mechanical ventilation is somewhat uncomfortable, and patients generally should receive a combination of opioid and amnestic sedative drugs.
Hyperthyroidism in older children and adolescents is usually caused by Graves disease.
During the treatment, there were no clinically significant side effects.
The fact that the physicans should be trained on mesures to help quitting tobacco, set a "non - smoking" example for patients and community, advise their patients to quit smoking is agreed by 93%, 95%, and 98% respectively.
She had a gastroesophageal reflux disease and treated with Omeprazol.
More Information Freeman R, Abuzinadah AR, Gibbons C, et al: Orthostatic hypotension: JACC state-of-the-art review.
Shoulder-first presentation requires cesarean delivery unless the fetus is a 2nd twin.
The avearage of length pedicle is 6.82 cm, and the average of diameter pedicle is 1.81 mm.
Certain drugs can impair absorption of many nutrients; eg, anticonvulsants can impair absorption of vitamins.
In order to increase the level of compliance, education strategies are needed to improve knowledge and skills and reduce perceived barriers. Key words: standard precautions, nursing student, compliance, associated factor.
The lack of estradiol also causes thinning hair, hot flashes, thin skin, wrinkles, vaginal dryness, and predisposes to osteopenia and osteoporosis as well as triggering acne (known as acne climacterica in this situation).
Main outcome measure was the correlation between FA and OCT findings of macula in patients with CME.
Renal hypoplasia Hypoplasia usually occurs because inadequate ureteral bud branching causes an underdeveloped, small kidney with histologically normal nephrons.
Surgical therapy is indicated for large arteriovenous fistula and for those cases refractory to endovascular intervention.
Keywords: Foreign body, Vagina, discharge, ultrasound, children.
A 4-fold rise or a single titer > 1: 128 is diagnostic.
Morphine, 1 to 5 mg IV once or twice, has long been used to reduce severe anxiety and the work of breathing but is decreasingly used (except in palliative care) due to observational studies suggesting a poorer outcome with its use.
Workers who develop silicosis should be removed from further exposure.
Other factors affecting the disease progression of COVID-19 were surveyed including overweight and obesity (p<0.001), hypertension (p=0.003), heart failure (p=0.048), COPD (p=0.038), asthma (p=0.012), tuberculosis (p=0.004), number of underlying diseases ≥ 3 (p=0.001), smoking (p<0.001).
Treatment of Silicosis Removal from further exposure Symptomatic treatment (eg, bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroids) For acute silicosis, possibly oral corticosteroids and / or whole lung lavage Rarely lung transplantation Patients with airway obstruction due to any form of silicosis may be treated empirically with bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroids.
About 70% of CSP had the short interval for hospitalization (< 3 days), with acute symptoms as respiratory failure (100%) and chest pain (94.42%).
Arise eccentrically at the end of long cylindrical bones (46%).
Assessment of transplantation of ear cartilage autograft through the conjunctiva for treatment thyroid related upper eyelid retractionat cho ray hospital
Conclusion: Microbiological infection incidence in chronic plantar ulcers of leprosy patients was high.
Liver surgery 1.1.1.
Other treatment includes fluids and nonopioid analgesics for headache.
Ebola virus outbreaks have been linked to consumption of meat from wild animals in affected areas (bush meat) or soup made from bats.
Conclusions Amid the ongoing pandemic, endocrine involvement with COVID-19 remains largely unexplored.
Periodontal inflammation may be an underlying factor linking oral health and cardiovascular disease.
We studied diagnostic value of the index Blast of blood to the early diagnosis of leukemia by ADIVIA 2120i automated hematology analyzers. Aim: Compares the detection cell Blast of ADIVIA 2120i analyzers and classical method. Objectives: 200 blood samples from the Hematology Department of Cho Ray Hospital including blood cancer: acute leukemia, chronic leukemia, multiple myeloma, lymphoma and benign disease as: thallasemia, hemophilia... Method: Perspective study.
Urinary tract infection (UTI) may involve the kidneys, bladder, or both.
77.8% of patients have less time to treat ulcer and 100% with good tolerance.
The ACIP recommends that infants > 6 weeks who are at high risk of meningococcal disease receive a meningococcal conjugate vaccine.
- The study presented a complete chemotherapy protocol as well as a way to prevent and manage the common side effects associated with it.
The first results in using duplay- snodgrass technique for anterior hypospadias in the children'shospital no 2
Triglycerides (TGs) and cholesterol contribute most to disease, although all lipids are physiologically important.
Table Evaluation of Otorrhea History History of present illness in patients with ear discharge should cover duration of symptoms and whether symptoms have been recurrent.
Electrodiagnostic studies have roles in diagnostic, classify the phase and progress of the disease.
CFTR modulators are not available for patients with class I frameshift and nonsense mutations.
Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) is done if MRCP is equivocal; it can be therapeutic as well as diagnostic.
Some clinicians suggest that testing should be avoided in patients taking beta-blockers because these patients are more likely to have risk factors for severe reactions.
Unlike bulimia nervosa, binge eating disorder occurs most commonly among people with overweight or obesity and contributes to excessive caloric intake; it may be present in ≥ 30% of patients in some weight-reduction programs.
Conclusion: A real-time RT-PCR assay for the detection of Zika virus and Chikungunia virus was succesfully established.
CT scan is essential.
The thesis provided the base from which further studies will continue to elucidate the pathogenesis remains unclear and find the dose of intravitreal Bevacizumab rely on intraocular levels of VEGF.
For carpal tunnel syndrome, conservative therapy includes splinting the wrist, oral or injected corticosteroids, and ultrasound.
Routine Psychiatric Assessment By Michael B.
The survey of expression levels of virulent genes in Salmonella strains isolated in retail meats in Ha Noi
Periodontal indices in two study groups Table 3.20.
Patients were adjusted to diet, examination and eye care, Fluvoxamine 200mg / day and Quetiapine 400mg / day.
For sedentary people who plan to begin intense exercise, stress testing should be considered if they have any of the following (1): Known coronary artery disease Symptoms of coronary artery disease ≥ 2 cardiac risk factors (eg, hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, obesity, sedentary lifestyle, smoking, family history of early coronary artery disease) Lung disease, known or suspected Diabetes, known or suspected For people recovering from an injury, the clinical evaluation before the start of an exercise program should assess whether they are apprehensive about the exercise program.
The heart rate, respiratory rate, pH, PaCO2, lactate of the successful group was stable during weaning meanwhile the heart rate, respiratory rate gradually increased, pH gradually decreased in the 60 minutes after weaning, the most significant difference was before extubation or before switching back to continuous mandatory ventilation with p < 0, 05.
Results: The highest mean score of knowledge on endotracheal suctioning was that of control infection (8.25 ± 1.08).
Subject and method: 43 cases were treated for acute unilateral nasoorbito ethmoid fractures at Maxillofacial Surgery Department, Hospital 103 from November 2011 to August 2014.
They include stem cell transplantation, other interleukins, anti-angiogenesis therapy (eg, thalidomide), and vaccine therapy.
Manage hypoxemia as required.
Each trunk continues to divide into two: the anterior and posterior division. After that, six dividions connect together and form three cords.
There are five main life forms of the medicinal plants: shrub, vines, herbaceous, small wood trees and moderate wood trees.
If EtCO2 = 45 mmHg, breathing rate increases to 14 beats / minute.
Results: Successfully designed primers and optimized the approach to screen HLA-B27 using multiplex real-time SYBR Green PCR.
More than ever, there is an urgent need for policies toensure food security at household level. A master plan which integrates agencies, increases food storage, enforces the national strategy for food security, malnutrition control program, and effectively implements nutrition activities at local settings such as controlling of low birth weight and early undernutrition, improvince Vietnamese health status, and prevention of NCD diseases is some of essential solutions to ensure food security at household level and quality of population.
For patients with a single metastasis, surgical excision of the tumor before radiation therapy improves outcome.
Surgical treatment of sciatica
Keywords: risk factor, COPD, exacerbation, readmission
Studying the status of spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage at can tho general central hospital
Hepatitis B virus (HBV) genotype is associated with paraclinical, clinical characters in asymptomatic chronic HBV carriers and hepatocellular carcinoma
It also has been associated with mild increases in serum creatinine levels and variable increases in plasma homocysteine levels.
Lubricate the end of the nasogastric tube.
The absolute concordance between cytology and histology is very low 31%.
Other complications associated with teratoma are infection, rupture (spontaneous or trauma) and, rarely, hemolytic anemia (resolves with resection).
Clinical symptoms are varied and non-specific.
Urinalysis shows proteinuria and hematuria.
As soon as patients can walk safely on level surfaces, they can start training to climb stairs or to step over curbs if either skill is needed.
The pulse is rapid and bounding in hyperthyroidism and hypermetabolic states; it is slow and sluggish in hypothyroidism.
One patient achieved a deep molecular response approximately two years after initiating immediate treatment with the first time Imatinib 400 mg / day and did not breastfeed while taking the drug.
In severe cases, inflatable aviator-type antigravity suits, although often poorly tolerated, may be needed to produce adequate leg and abdominal counterpressure.
These adolescents also can be taunted and bullied by their peers.
Plasma exchange may help people who do not respond to corticosteroids.
Objectives: The aim of the study was to evaluate clinical, subclinical characteristics and treatment result of odonto - stomatologyol students with angle class I malocclusion at Can Tho University of Medicine and Pharmacy.
Characteristic appearance on imaging studies is a small radiolucent zone surrounded by a larger sclerotic zone.
Keywords: Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH), primary immune deficiency disorders (PID).
The mean tumor size was 2.2 cm.
The majority had positive attitudes and proper practices, but 41% of the pregnant women did not participate even though having heard of the program of prevention mother to child HIV transmission.
The no of error slides of microscopists used water with pH from <7 and >7.2 was 2.31 times in comparison with that pH ranging from 7 to 7.2 (p<0.05).
Bladder diverticulum A bladder diverticulum is a herniation of the bladder mucosa through a defect in bladder muscle.
3 cases report anca associated vasculitides (aav)
A few patients with severe uveitis or central nervous system manifestations respond to high-dose systemic corticosteroids (eg, prednisone 60 to 80 mg orally once a day).
Elective cesarean delivery before onset of labor is recommended if the maternal HIV plasma viral load is > 1000 copies / mL.
All patients treated with TDF were evaluated for fibrosis with APRI and FibroScan before treatment and after 24 weeks of treatment.
In large-bowel obstruction, strangulation is rare (except with volvulus).
Partly elucidating the mechanism of lesions, the relationship between visceral lesions in Lupus and eye lesions will contribute to improving the effectiveness of treatment coordination between Ophthalmologists and physicians of Clinical Allergy - Immunology.
Transvaginal scan can detect anomalies even at 12 - 13 weeks.
Clinical features, laboratory or radiological findings and treatment outcomes were compared between anti-LGI1 encephalitis (LGI1 (+) and non anti-LGI1 encephalitis (LGI1 (-)). Results: Anti-NMDA receptor (N-methyl-D-aspartate) encephalitis and antibody-negative AE together accounted for the highest rate 43.1%, followed by anti-LGI1 encephalitis 10.3% and finally anti GABA receptor encephalitis 3.45%.
CT or MRI is done to rule out other causes of the findings.
The rate of structural abnormalities of chromosomes is not found in chromosomes 12, 20, and 22 in the study samples.
Background: Foreign bodies of the nose are popular at the treatment of ENT children diseases.
At 90° of abduction, if the joint has not reduced, add gentle external rotation (turning the palm up) and continue abducting.
Conclusions: The tuberculosis transmissed rate in th ecommunity was 85/100.000 people, the AFB rate (+) was 49/100.000 people.
Most of these isolates were highly resistant to many commonly used antibiotics.
Severe dengue shock rate was 17.1%, prolonged shock rate was 2, 9%, recurrent shock rate was 2, 9%.
Different genotypes can cause various responses to platelet aggregation inhibitors.
This metabolic blockage leads to an accumulation of glycosaminoglycan in different tissues with a consequence of multiple organ lesions including heart valves.
Objectives: We assessed the rate of NTM isolates that were isolated in Pham Ngoc Thach hospital from January 2015 to June 2018.
The results are similar to research by other authors.
It showed that demographic characteristics, functional symptoms, smoking status, occupation and body mass index were not statistically significant differences (p > 0, 05) between in COPD patients with previous lung TB and in COPD patients without previous lung TB.
Thus, every effort should be made to avoid an overly hot or an overly cold environment, to avoid overwrapping the infant or covering the head, and to remove loose bedding, such as blankets and non-fitted sheets, and soft bedding, such as sheepskin, pillows, stuffed toys / animals, mattress toppers, fur-like materials, quilts, and comforters, from the crib.
Most of acne vulgaris patients have been treated before recruitment, at 70%.
The majority malignant subtypesare GCTs which are diagnosed at an early age and have favorable prognosis.
- Circular 10 reduces the risk of overspending by HI funds.
- The complication rate of induced sputum was 14.6%, of which 88.6% of patients had mild shortness of breath, there was no mortality due to the complications.
The first step, we study on clinical features and coagulation testing in deficiency of the vitamin k dependent coagulation factors of patients in bach mai hospital
Kingella, which belong to the family Neisseriaceae, are short, nonmotile, gram-negative coccobacilli that occur in pairs or short chains.
Clinical and laboratory evidence of other hormonal deficiencies is absent.
Knowledge of tuberculosis patients treating at Thai Binh city general hospital
The only available oncolytic virus is talimogene laherparepvec which is injected into the cancer in patients with melanoma.
Results: A study of 30 children diagnosed with the initial nephrotic syndrome was followed up at Hue Pediatric Center of Hue Central Hospital and Pediatrics Departement of Hue University of Medicine and Pharmacy Hospital. Urinary suPAR / creatinine ratio was 2712 ± 2217 pg / mg (605 - 11443 pg / mg), urinary suPAR / creatinine ratio in children 1 - 6 years old was significantly higher than that in group 7 - 15 years old, there was no signifficant difference about urinary suPAR between hematuria and non-hematuria group.
Testing for carbohydrate intolerance or small intestinal bacterial overgrowth should be considered in appropriate circumstances.
Background: Percutanneous transphyseal intramedullary Metaizeau pin fixation was proven to be effective on diaphyseal displaced fracture of the forearm in children. This kind of pin is not available in VietNam. Objectives: To determine if K wire can replace Metaizeau pin relating to the treatment. Method: Experiment 3 mm K wire and Metaizeau are pulled until they are failed.
Method: clinical description on digital Cephalometric.
Key Points Tinea capitis affects mostly children and can be contagious and epidemic.
Meanwhile, children with viral infections were associated with wheezing and hypoxemia, as evidenced cyanosis / pallor, chest indrawing, the tendency to require asissted ventilation with NCPAP, especially within 48 hours after admission more frequently than children with bacterial or bacterial - viral coinfections.
Patients should be closely monitored for cerebral edema and acute pancreatitis.
- Abdominal radiograph diagnostically valuable for gastrointestinal tract malformations has sensitivity and specificity of 85.1% and 34.8% respectively.
The mean value of serum CA 125 was 84.56 U / ml.
Conclusions: There were statistically significant relationships beween age groups and clinical, subclinical characteristics of patients with COVID-19.
However, with the increased use of technology (ie, cell phones, computers, internet, telehealth), it is not unusual for team members to work at different sites and use various technologies to enhance communication.
Multiple infections were low (2.2%).
Therefore, in this study we contribute to build standardization of diagnostic symptoms according to traditional medicine.
Using multivariate analysis, we found that prematurity, low birth weight, mother's blood group type O remained independent significant risk factors for neonatal jaundice development (p<0.05).
Conclusion: Early detection of abnormality ABG in patient with cardiovascular complications could help the clinician indicate appropriate treatment including medical therapy and respiratory support.
Keywords: mediastinal lesions, posterior mediastinal lesions, neurogenic tumors.
Cardio-Renal Anemia syndrome has been more and more mentioned in literature.
Diagnosis of Typhoid Fever Cultures Other infections causing a similar presentation to that of typhoid fever include other Salmonella infections, the major rickettsioses, leptospirosis, disseminated tuberculosis, malaria, brucellosis, tularemia, infectious hepatitis, psittacosis, Yersinia enterocolitica infection, and lymphoma.
- Following the course of treatment with electro acupuncture, skin temperature and amperage of Shen Shu point have changed, which are similar to normal values (p> 0.05).
The mean follow - up time was 52, 4 months.
The kidneys are injured when renal perfusion is critically reduced, leading to acute tubular necrosis and renal insufficiency manifested by oliguria and a progressive rise in serum creatinine.
However, parathyroid adenoma may be hereditary in patients with other endocrine tumors, particularly certain multiple endocrine neoplasia syndromes.
Results of vertebroplasty with extra-pedicular approach for treatment of osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures
This technique was proved to be safe and improve arterial oxygenation.
However, because the ability to sense pain is commonly impaired, the degree of pain is often unexpectedly mild for the degree of joint damage.
Symptoms of anaphylaxis were observed in cardiovascular, respiratory, dermatologic and gastrointestinal systems, both of cardiovascular and respiratory reactions were the most common (> 70.0%).
Research methods: Cross-sectional description, Convenience sampling collected 134 research group subjects Results: Of the 134 patients participating in the study, 87 patients accounted for 64.9% of the test for Mircoalbuminuria (+).
Conclusion: The clinical feature of Ota's nevus is so complicated.
+ Average: Patients with recurrent bleeding, but through successive hemostasis, clinica l monitoring is better, without bleeding, defecation.
(See also Overview of Intestinal Protozoan and Microsporidia Infections.)
Objectives: To evaluate the proportion of malnutrition based on the anthropometric indices and the mean caloric intake in neonates with congenital heart diseases undergoing corrective intervention at Neonatal department, Children Hospital No 2.
So the pre, per and postoperative evaluations in the elderly are very important.
Data is described by frequency, percentage; mean, standard deviation or median, quartile for variables with abnormal distribution, p <0.05 is considered to be statistically significant.
This increase the risk of osteoporose, mental health, dysfunction of vascular contraction, lipidemia... sclerose vasculars.
After 12 months, muscle strength recovered there were only 13 cases of mild deficit.
The author applied M R.I to detect lesions which often located in deep regions: corpus callosum, basal ganglia, brain stem and assessed damaging level.
Antidiabetic effect of ethanolic leaf extract of Vernonia amygdalina Del. in mice
Particularly, IL-2 did not change between the two groups with p>0.05.
It occurs in about 5 to 10% of postpartum women.
Results: CT of the normal temporal bone with images: "straight line", "2 holes", "1 line and 1 round hole", "the ring", "rabbit ears", "C-shaped", "V-shaped".
Diagnosis is clinical and confirmed by biopsy or serologic tests.
The proportion of patients with physical activity level as recommended by WHO (600 METs-minute / week) accounted 86, 3%, decreasing gradually with age and there was no difference between the sexes.
Results: 41 XP patients and 40 healthy controls were recruited from 2018 November to 2019 September.
Compared to EPS, The sensitivity, specificity, PPV, and NPV of EST to risk strafiticateasymptomatic WPW patients was 90%, 20%, 31.1%, and 83.3%, respectively.
4 H-FABP is abundant in the myocardium and is rapidly released from cardiomyocytes into the circulation after cell damage begins.
In USA, men who have stone in the biliary system and chronic inflammation, have cancer of the GB 7th time more than men who have no stone and inflammation of biliary system.
Application of liquid biopsy in detection egfr mutation in non-small cell lung cancer patients
Mean International Prostate Symptom Score (IPSS) improved after 1, 3, 6 months respectively were 6, 94; 6.49, 5, 94.
It is important to remember that in women with acute pelvic pain, gynecological problems should be ruled out first.
Some patients are aware that the behavior is socially undesirable and attempt to disguise it by putting a hand over their mouth or limiting their food intake.
Results: The target temperature was 33.1 °C (95% confidence interval, 33.0 - 33.2).
Prevalence of rubella - igg antibody in different women subjects at saigon international ob. - gyn. hospital
Results: after cured by using antibiotic and drainage surgeryby throat endoscopy, the patient made a complete recovery and got back to the normality.
The proportion with a suppressed peak LH (≤ 3 IU / L) response to the GnRH test was 98% at 6 months.
Research title: Effectiveness of External Intraventricular Drainage in Combination with Intraventricular Fibrinolysis by Alteplase in the Treatment of Intraventricular Hemorrhage with Acute Hydrocephalus Specialized code: 62.72.01.22 Specialization: Emergency and Critical care PhD candidate: Luong Quoc Chinh the 30th course Science instructors: (1) Assoc.
Conclusion: Clinical symptoms of aortic stenosis were not obvious, chest pain on exertion was 59.7%, fainting was 26.9%.
37/42 (88.1%) positive histological.
Relationship between the anterior cranial base length and the maxilla, mandible and facial height (a study on lateral cephalograms in children aged 3-13 years)
The underlying nail bed is hyperkeratotic.
This article reviews cases of marginal eyelid lacerations reconstruction collected at the Eye Emergency Department of Cho Ray hospital at Hồ chí Minh city. Purpose: To evaluate the recovery of the marginal eyelid laceration by mechanical traumatic, include: anatomy, function, and cosmetic of the eyelid. Methods: Prospective, case series report, not comparing. Results: 67 patients (58 males, 9 females).
Evaluation were checked with a survey of hematology and quantification of hepatic MDA and GSH. Results: The aqueous extract of Polygonum multiflorum tended to reduce concentration of MDA and increased concentration of GSH in mouse liver, but not statistically significant. The aqueous extract combined Polygonum multiflorum and Sesamum indicum nigrum reduced significantly concentration of MDA and increased significantly concentration of GSH in rat liver.
It is a safe and highly efficient technique that decreases homologous transfusion.
Clinical symptom, X-ray images and assessment of dental root canal retreatment
- 34% of carriers have bleedings, most commonly are the purpura, menstrual bleeding, postpartum hemorrhage and oral bleeding.
Bartter Syndrome and Gitelman Syndrome (Bartter's Syndrome; Gitelman's Syndrome) By Christopher J LaRosa, MD, Perelman School of Medicine at The University of Pennsylvania Reviewed / Revised Dec 2022 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Etiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Some Differences Between... Subtypes of Bartter Syndrome * Bartter syndrome and Gitelman syndrome are autosomal recessive renal disorders characterized by fluid, electrolyte, urinary, and hormonal abnormalities, including renal potassium, sodium, chloride, and hydrogen wasting; hypokalemia; hyperreninemia and hyperaldosteronism without hypertension; and metabolic alkalosis.
Pediatric maintenance fluids (for ongoing losses) must also be provided.
No cases with age over 10 years old.
2) To evaluate the results of care for preterm infants with hyaline membrane disease was treated by surfactant replacement and some related factors.
The majority of the content on knowledge and on-the-job implementation has a ratio of answers and proper care on 50%.
Diagnosis is clinical; the Schirmer test may be helpful.
Systemic inflammatory diseases may require either immunosuppression or antibiotics as determined by the diagnosis.
A cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted on 226 doctors and nurses at a central hospital in Vietnam from February 2020 to September 2020.
- Right ventricular infarction: Common in patients with lower regional infarction.
Formerly known as streptococcal gangrene and popularized as the flesh-eating bacteria, the same syndrome may also be polymicrobial, involving a host of aerobic and anaerobic flora, including Clostridium perfringens.
Gram negative bacteria dominate (77.3%).
Electrolyte test was repeated at least once during treatment of patients with cerebral hemorrhage, normally serum sodium concentration was checked every 2 - 3 days; in severe cases, hyponatremia patients were checked for serum sodium concentration every 24 - 48 hours. Hyponatremia patients (Na + <135 mmol / l) were tested for urinary electrolyte tests (urinarysodium concentration at a moment and / or urinary sodium concentration in the next morning), urine osmotic pressure, blood osmotic pressure.
THE CAPACITY OF SOLVING SITUATIONS IN DIAGNOSIS AND GRAM STAIN, AFB TEST PERFORMANCE IN CLINICAL MICROBIOLOGY LABORATORIES The Gram stain and AFB tests help to localize the pathogenic bacteria which belongs to the Gram (-) or (+), cocci or bacilli, semiquantitative tuberculosis bacterium, which helps medical doctors can localize what antibiotic can be used while awaiting the identificating results [1].
Characteristics of vitamin D testing in the blood of patients with metabolic syndrome at Hanoi medical university hospital
For patients who have only estrogen effects, the most useful screens for girls include ultrasensitive LH and estradiol, and, for boys, LH, beta - human chorionic gonadotropin, and estradiol.
Exposure therapy helps > 90% of patients who carry it out faithfully and is almost always the only treatment needed for specific phobias.
Each extra X is associated with a 15 - to 16-point reduction in IQ, with language most affected, particularly expressive language skills.
He was operated with orchidopexy and was biopsied the genital organs in the left scrotum.
Opioid use disorder is defined as compulsive, long-term self-administration of opioids for nontherapeutic purposes, causing significant impairment or distress.
Use the needle attached to the suture to place the subcuticular sutures.
Evaluation of exacerbations Patients with asthma with an acute exacerbation are evaluated based on clinical criteria but should sometimes also have certain tests: Pulse oximetry Sometimes peak expiratory flow (PEF) measurement FeNO The decision to treat an exacerbation is based primarily on an assessment of signs and symptoms.
Danazol, an androgenic agonist, can suppress fibroid growth but has a high rate of adverse effects (eg, weight gain, acne, hirsutism, edema, hair loss, deepening of the voice, flushing, sweating, vaginal dryness) and is thus often less acceptable to patients.
About the practice: 27.1% of nurses have practice on patient safety content.
These assays will help to extend the dengue case confirmation in hospitals (for diagnosis) as well as in the field (for early outbreak response).
Approximately 30% of unvaccinated and 6% of vaccinated infected postpubertal males develop orchitis, usually unilateral; some testicular atrophy may occur, but testosterone production and fertility are usually preserved.
Surgery includes bilateral pelvic and sometimes inguinal lymph node dissection, often with removal of part of the symphysis pubis and inferior pubic rami.
Features of abdominal surgery for the elderly 1.1.1.
Moreover, because extensive ulcerative colitis may begin in the rectum and spread proximally, proctitis should not be considered localized until it has been observed for ≥ 6 months.
Key Points The guinea worm has almost been eradicated.
Late changes result in a "bamboo spine" appearance, resulting from prominent syndesmophytes, diffuse paraspinal ligamentous calcification, and osteoporosis; these changes develop in some patients on average over 10 years.
Result: Age average was 29.6; male / female rate was 33/6.
The renal function level slightly increased after 2-month treatment in combination group, non-statistically different with pure = 0.172; pCreatin =0.920.
Human infections are caused by Epidermophyton, Microsporum, and Trichophyton species.
All patients had good engraftment after transplantation and ¾ of patients achieved a prolonged remission response, and have alive by 2022.
Author: Tran Thuy Nga, Le Nguyen Bao Khanh, Le Thi Hop and partner.
Objective: To evaluate the quality of life in donors who underwent hepatectomy.
Acrylamide is formed in starchy foods that had undergone high temperature cooking or processing.
The study aimed to describe knowledge and practices on food hygiene and safety of food handlers in restaurants in Ninh Hai commune, Hoa Lu district, Ninh Binh province in 2019.
They should be done primarily at selected centers that have the surgical experience and facilities to achieve optimal results.
Key words: bladder cancer, histopathology, urothelial carcinoma, differentiation grade, stage, muscular invasion
Hypogonadism requires confirmatory testing (see figure Laboratory Evaluation of Male Hypogonadism).
Clinical data on zinc for treatment of diabetes are emerging.
Smoking Cessation Smoking cessation is both extremely difficult and extremely important; it slows but does not halt the rate of FEV1 decline (see figure Changes in lung function in patients who quit smoking) and increases long-term survival.
Evaluation of acute toxicity by the method of Abraham and Turner (1978).
It is believed that an ischemic insult damages the intestinal lining, leading to increased intestinal permeability and leaving the intestine susceptible to bacterial invasion.
50% patients know that HbA1C and lipids should measured every 3 months.
Children with burns from Ho Chi Minh City 96 (47.8%), transferred from hospital Provincial Hospital 105 (52.2%).
Disseminated disease Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) causes disseminated disease commonly in patients with advanced AIDS and occasionally in those with other immunocompromised states, including organ transplantation and hairy cell leukemia.
An oral irrigator should never be used to irrigate the ear.
With liver and small-bowel transplantation, survival rates are lower because the procedure is more extensive and the recipient's condition is more serious.
Evaluation of local inflammation associated with peripheral intravenouscatheter insertion in quang tri general hospital.
Studying clinical and biochemical characteristics of cholera helps doctors in diagnosis, treatment, following up and prognosis.
Braised fish with salt was cooked commonly with 66.9%.
System of clear and detailed documentation, SOP procedures reviewed and approved by the management for application throughout the hospital;
After 2 weeks, the patient was re-examined with relatively good kidney function.
Patients who use walkers must learn special techniques for climbing stairs and stepping over curbs.
By slowing clearance of the therapeutically dosed PI, ritonavir increases the other drug's levels, maintains the increased levels longer, decreases the dosing interval, and increases efficacy.
The infection prevalence of hepatitis B virus among office staff in Hanoi
Although some toxic substances used by the mother are not illegal, many are.
Selection criteria for control subjects - Including subjects with chest pain admitted to the hospital had clinical examination, electrocardiogram, echocardiography to exclude AMI or cardiovascular diseases.
Objective: To evaluate the changes of clinical and paraclinical characteristics in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients after treatment umbilical cord derived mesenchymal stem cell.
However, a sliding scale insulin regimen on its own is not an effective strategy for maintaining euglycemia in patients with type 1 diabetes or in most patients with type 2 diabetes.
Importantly, the eosinophilic component should not be more prominent than the lymphoplasmacytic infiltrate.
Valve repairs were good in 17 out of 20 patients and remained sustainable until 2 years postoperatively.
After 3 and 6 months, PPD, VCAL, HCAL were significantly reduced;% BF was 18.18% after six months.
Monitor silica-exposed patients (eg, miners) for tuberculosis and nontuberculous mycobacterial infections.
Aspirin and Other Salicylate Poisoning (Salicylism) By Gerald F O'Malley, DO, Grand Strand Regional Medical Center; Rika O'Malley, MD, Grand Strand Medical Center Reviewed / Revised Jun 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Salicylate poisoning can cause vomiting, tinnitus, confusion, hyperthermia, respiratory alkalosis, metabolic acidosis, and multiple organ failure.
Hypertrophic osteoarthropathy is prominent with certain lung cancers and manifests as painful swelling of the joints (knees, ankles, wrists, elbows, metacarpophalangeal joints) with effusion and sometimes fingertip clubbing.
Keywords: COVID-19, medical staffs, stress.
All sentinel and nonsentinel nodes were examined intraoperatively with frozen section and imprint, postoperatively with H&E staining.
Objectives: Description of the clinical features, analyze the outcome of patient care after gastric cancer surgery and find out some related factors.
Literature review exhibited 10 documents (5 classic medical documents, 5 textbooks) with content related to Covid-19.
The rate can be increased or decreased based on serum sodium, osmolality, urine output, and signs of fluid retention (eg, edema).
The percentage of antibiotics purchased at public facilities was 60.3%.
Survey of knowledge, Attitude and practice after the intervention about prevention in dengue fever of people at Binh Minh, Vinh Long in 2013
Unexplained candiduria should prompt evaluation of the urinary tract for structural abnormalities.
Exploring the association between UTIs and demographic characteristics of patients has 03 factors having significant Conclusion: The patients who have an indwelling bladder catheter are high risk subjects urinary tract infections especially in patients with multiple comorbidities.
Purpose: To evaluate the characteristic techniques and the outcome of phacoemulsification and intraocular lens implantation in patient with cataract. Patients and Methods: This prospective describes and clinical intervention study comprised 10 eyes of 10 patients with cataract who had phacoemulsification with intraocular lens implantation from June 2008 to June 2009 in Thong Nhat Hospital. Results: There were 10 patients (male: 6, female: 4), the mean age is 71 years, preoperative visual acuity < 1/50 (80%) and preoperative visual acuity from 1/50 to 1/10 (20%); cataract with grade 2 and 3 nuclear hardness (70%), grade 4 nuclear hardness (30%).
On imaging studies, the lesion appears as a bony prominence with a cartilage cap (usually < 2 cm) off the surface of the bone with no underlying cortex under the prominence.
It is a frequent complication of immune therapies such as bi-specific monoclonal antibodies or CAR-T-cells. Clinical features include fever, fatigue, loss of appetite, muscle and joint pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, rash, and headache.
Knowledge and behavior of the people on the effect of handwashing with soap
Pearls & Pitfalls Neuroblastoma is the most common cancer among infants.
The average follow-up time is 6.19 ± 3.62 years.
To minimize the risk of needle breakage, do not do any of the following: bend the needle, insert it to its full depth (ie, to the hub), or attempt to change direction of the needle while it is inserted.
Medical waste treatment is an issue that needs to be addressed due to the risk of medical waste significantly affecting the environment as well as human health.
Fatal outcone correlated with kali (p=0.01) and natri (p=1.00), incorrated with CVP (p=0.10) and blood pressure (p=0.065).
Suspected smallpox must be reported immediately to local public health agencies or the CDC at 770 - 488 - 7100.
Objective: To evaluate the results of reconstruction of thumb amputation preserving thenar muscles by trimmed great and second toe transfers and the donor site morbidity following the surgery.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa had a very high rate of resistance to most antibiotics, resistance to cefepime and amikacin were 36.7% and 22.7%.
Tell someone to call 911 while you begin first aid.
Basal cell carcinoma Basal cell carcinoma frequently occurs at the eyelid margins and classically is associated with loss of eyelashes as shown, at the inner canthus, and on the upper cheek.
Without treatment, it evolves to symptomatic neurosyphilis in 5%.
Brain abscess surgical treatment
Characterization and antimicrobial resistance in pediatric urinary tract infection at Children’s hospital 2 in 2020-2021
In operation, analgesic, muscle relaxant, opioids are reduced markedly in group 2.
Fever, fatigue, malaise, anorexia, and myalgia are common [1].
Iatrogenic trauma to the ear canal or tympanic membrane, including perforation, which may cause infection.
Common clinical symptoms is lumbar pains. Diagnosis of renal cancer depends on abdominal ultrasound and CT Scanner.
Conclusion: VAC is potentionally a effective way on treatment of high energy open fracture wound.
Dilation takes 3 days from the onset of obstructive uropathy to develop; before then, the collecting system is relatively noncompliant and less likely to dilate.
Methods: A total 53 patients with a diagnosis of pulmonary embolism based on CTPA entered the study.
Response assessment on urlology: Reducing the degree of tumor invasion (T) 89.8%, reducing the degree of spread to regional lymph nodes (N) 75.3%.
Result: An average age of 59.2 ± 16.1 years, mostly in men, with a male / female ratio of 3.29 / 1.
Laboratory tests revealed hemolytic anemia, low C3 and C4 level, positive autoantibodies (such as ANA, anti-Sm, anti-SSA60 and anti SSA52).
The rate of unsuccessful surgery and the mortality rate were highest in the patients surgery after 91 days: 50% and 45.5%, respectively.
For patients with diarrhea predominance, serologic markers for celiac disease (tissue-transglutaminase IgA with an IgA level) and testing for inflammatory bowel disease with fecal calprotectin or fecal lactoferrin and C-reactive protein are recommended (1).
Signs include lethargy and seizures.
When gallops are detected, differentiation should be made between the 4th heart sound (S4), which is often present with diastolic dysfunction or myocardial ischemia, and the 3rd heart sound (S3), which is present with systolic dysfunction.
Patients and method: Retrospective and prospective analysis of 66 patients with stage IB-IIIA resesected non-small cell lung cancer were received adjuvant vinorelbine plus cisplatin chemotherapy from K hospital, 01/2016 to 10/2021.
Fasting lipid profile of acne patients was compared with health controls.
In the mesentery there is edema and venous engorgement.
Arm function 12 months after surgery in all 47 patients (100%) was functioning normally, with no sensory disturbances.
Diagnosis is by blood pressure measurement and tests for target organ damage, including ECG, urinalysis, and serum blood urea nitrogen and creatinine measurements.
Doppler ultrasonography also helps in early detecting, monitoring and treating aneurysm of abdominal aorta.
The prevalence of those with left branch block was 5.7%.
Conclusion: The ABO blood groups of Voluntary blood donors follow the ruler of Vietnamese blood groups system: O > B > A > AB [O (45.43%) > B (28.59%) > A (21.07%) >AB (4.92%)].
The teacher-subject was told that whenever the pupil gave the wrong answer to a question, a shock was to be administered, beginning at the lowest level and increasing in severity with each successive wrong answer.
Histological type of thymoma relation with Masaoka's stage (p<0, 05).
Typically, iron stores are assessed before the start of erythropoietin therapy and thereafter every other month.
The same gene has been studied in people from Japan, South Korea, Europe and elsewhere but not in black people.
Factors related to the conversion were retrocecal or subhepatic location of the appendix (p = 0.01), laparoscopic experience of the surgeon (p = 0.05), but not the duration of symptoms (p = 0.64).
If the RKD selected, we have a short renal vein and will face technical difficulty in RIF.
With a comparative rate of recurrence, distant metastasis and 3-year survival, we found this method effective and safe in terms of oncology results and survival outcomes.
However, chronic hypertension may be more severe.
Some experts disagree with this definition and recommend continuing to test for other causes even when the man has normal semen and the woman has normal ovulation and fallopian tubes and ovulates regularly.
98% of patients have bilateral lung damage.
Statistically significant association between p53 protein with histology.
However, the difference in Chemical shift ratio (CSR) between thymomas and nonthymomas was statistically significant.
No case of bad outcome was recorded.
Results: There were 3 of 41 patients (7.3%) found mutations in BRCA genes, two for BRCA1 gene and one for BRCA2 gene.
Conclusion: Basing on the correlation, cardiovascular risk should be concerned in SAS.
Good response to antipsychotic medications.
Conclusion: Management of chronic mastoiditis with holesteatoma requires an appropriate surgery for 2 main purposes: to remove cholesteatoma completely (under microscopy combine with endoscopy) and recover the hearing function.
PTH concentration should be measured as an assay of the intact molecule.
Results: 65.2% of benign ovarian tumors and 93.8% of malignant ovarian tumors exhibited anxiety and depression.
Clinical. paraclinical characteristics and some risk factors in patients with cerebral venous thrombosis
We must collaborate with the surgeon and specially the adjustment in analgesic drugs must be carried down at time.
Indwelling urethral catheters are an option for patients who cannot walk to the toilet or who have urinary retention and cannot self-catheterize; these catheters are not recommended for urge incontinence because they may exacerbate detrusor contractions.
STUDYING ON EFFECTS OF ROPIVACAINE-FENTANYL MIXTURE BY PATIENT CONTROLLED EPIDURAL ANALGESIA AFTER ABDOMINAL TOTAL HYSTERECTOMY Objectives: To evaluate analgesia and motor blockade of ropivacaine-fentanyl mixture by patient controlled epidural analgesia (PCEA) after abdominal total hysterectomy.
BRAIN IN LOVE I and my colleagues Art Aron and Lucy Brown and others, have put 37 people who are madly in love into a functional MRI brain scanner.
Nutrition status of hospitalised patients at two hospitals of Quang Ninh province in 2012
Our discovery that the size of sugar dips after eating has such a big impact on hunger and appetite has great potential for helping people understand and control their weight and long-term health. "
Study of temperature differences when measuring body temperature by different methods
Manifest refraction was obtained at 8 - 10 week postoperatively.
Conclusion: Re-irradiation for recurrent cervical cancer is a proficiency treatment with high local control rate and tolerable side effects.
The mean quality of life score according to the NEI VFQ 25 scale was 63.03 ± 15.56.
Subjects and method: 106 patients were diagnosed hemifacial spasm or trigeminal neuralgia dur to neurovascular compression and treated by microvascular decompression at the Neurosurgery Center of Viet Duc hospital in 3 years (from January 2019 to December 2021).
This result is similar to some other domestic and foreign studies.
Rupture exposes collagen and other thrombogenic material, which activate platelets and the coagulation cascade, resulting in an acute thrombus, which interrupts coronary blood flow and causes some degree of myocardial ischemia.
Drugs used to lower platelet count include anagrelide, interferon alfa-2b, and hydroxyurea.
Prevalence of malnutrition and related factors of the elder outpatient at a district hospital in Binh Thuan province 2020
The most common clinical presentation was perianal discharge in 86.7% of cases.
Relationship between the surgical outcome and the degree of invasion: There was no statistically significant (p > 0.05);
Most of the patients diagnosed at stage I had molecular subtype were Luminal A or B (92.3%) whereas with patients at stage III HER2 and triple-negative subtypes were predominant (62.5%).
Initial to evaluate the treatment results of the combination with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide for CLL patients.
The most common DPL techniques are Closed: Percutaneous needle insertion into the peritoneal cavity followed by catheter-over-wire (Seldinger technique) Semi-open: Dissection down to (and sometimes through) the rectus fascia followed by needle and catheter-over-wire technique into the peritoneal cavity An open technique (mini-laparotomy) in which the operator dissects into the abdominal cavity to directly visualize the peritoneum and incise it to insert the catheter in a more directed fashion is less often done and is not discussed here.
The straight elevator also can be inserted vertically along the long axis of the tooth between the root and the socket, and rotated to further expand the socket.
In which, Cat Hai is 44.4%, in Thuy Nguyen is 40.5%.
Hospitalization The main indications for hospitalization for active TB are Serious concomitant illness Need for diagnostic procedures Social issues (eg, homelessness) Need for respiratory isolation, as for people living in congregate settings where previously unexposed people would be regularly encountered (important primarily if effective treatment cannot be ensured) Because the consequences of drug-resistant TB are so great, hospitalization with respiratory isolation for treatment initiation is warranted at least until a clinical response to treatment is certain.
Cystoscopy is necessary and sometimes reveals benign bladder (Hunner) ulcers; biopsy is required to exclude bladder cancer.
The lowest age is 25, the highest 90.
Management includes the following: Blood pressure control Cholesterol-lowering therapy Regulation of plasma glucose (90 to 150 mg / dL) Smoking cessation Medications, such as cholinesterase inhibitors and memantine, may be helpful if Alzheimer disease could also be present.
The rate of good anesthesia quality in group I was 90%, higher than in group II (88%).
The Reminiscence Therapy Library supports people with dementia
Seizures, focal deficits (eg, cranial nerve palsy, hemiplegia), fever, and meningeal signs are uncommon and should prompt concern for other diagnoses.
Fibrinolytic activity of the endometrium decreases blood clots in the menstrual blood.
Follow up once a month.
In meta-analyses, administration of albumin was shown to decrease total fluid volumes by about half at 72 hours post-injury.
If the child is accustomed to falling asleep while in physical contact with a parent, the first step in establishing a different bedtime routine is to gradually lessen the contact from full body to a hand touching the child to a parent sitting next to the child's bed.
Most patients, especially those with early-onset obstructive lung disease, especially in the absence of smoking history, should be screened for alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency.
The author has found a number of independent prognostic factors related to DFS and OS rate i. e. the depth of tumor invasion and lymph node metastasis.
The most prescribed antidiabetic drugs were insulin (62.6%), metformin (42.0%) and sulfonylureas (30.1%).
There were strong correlations between PWV and SYNTAX score ((r=0, 477; p<0, 01).
"Looks like": For example, a parietal cell looks like a fried egg.
Occasionally, periocular corticosteroids are required.
These drugs are used primarily to treat supraventricular tachycardias.
The rate of good blood pressure control was significantly lower in the group with limited activity.
Forced diuresis using an alkaline mannitol solution to maintain urine output up to 8 L / day and a urinary pH of ≥ 5 may help.
Percentage of postpartum lymph node metastasis was 32%, of which N1 (27.2%), N2 (4.8%) accounted for the majority (90.3%), phase I was only 2.9%.
Chu Prong is a town in Gia Lai province, and this place is populated by ethnic groups with very low levels of education, difficult economic situation and the hardship in accessing sources of information about preventing malaria.
Keywords: Psychosocial work environment; Effort - Reward and overcommitment.
However, this strategy often falls short: Topics rarely build on each other directly (that is, you can't learn B until you've mastered A).
CT brain angiography scanning and brain magnetic resonance imaging is useful.
The procedure is not difficult with good results.
Diagnosis is based on history, physical examination, imaging tests, and lung biopsy.
Treatment is effective hemostasis in patients Glasgow-Blatchford 9.18 ± 3.85 grade point average and patients Rockall score was 3.36 ± 1.75 average.
Methods: A cross-sectional study, from September 2015 to May 2016, 157 patients with dementia in geriatric department at Gia Dinh Hospital were included.
The defect is only partial in delayed virilizing adrenal hyperplasia, so clinical disease may not develop until adulthood.
In about 10% of cases, direct or indirect extension (via bronchopleural fistula) into the pleural cavity can result in empyema.
Inappropriate use of ipecac may cause diarrhea, severe deficiencies of electrolytes, weakness, arrhythmias, and heart failure.
English summary: Quang Tri Food Safety Department investigated the conditions and collected 35 samples from 35 bottled drinking water establishments to test microbiological contamination by national technical regulations for bottled natural mineral waters and drinking waters QCVN 6 - 1: 2010/BYT.
Situation on injury and knowledge, attitude and practices on injury prevention of upper secondary school students in Luc Yen district, Yen Bai province, 2011
Also, in narcissistic personality disorder, changes in mood are triggered by insults to self-esteem.
We recorded the shortage of contingency plans and simulation exercises for emergent events.
Keywords: minimal residual disease, childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia
S aureus was sensitive to vanconycin 100%.
Materials and methods: Cross-sectional study with the enrollment of patients from 2 months to 15 years of age with Dengue hemorrhagic fever according to WHO criteria and confirmed serotypes by PCR method at Children's Hospital 1 from Aug 2006 to Feb 2007.
Once nutritional, fluid, and electrolyte status has been stabilized, long-term treatment begins.
The efficiency of hemangioma diagnosis using ultrasound with sensitivity 91.2%, specificity 84.6%.
The mean follow-up time was 16.23 months (range, 3 - 58 months), with 29 patient (63%) have no mitral regurgitation or trivial, 16 patients have mild-to-moderate (34.8%), and 1 patient had moderate-severe (2.2%).
Ureteroscopy safety is evident even in patients at risk.
Number of root, canal: 100% First maxillary molars has 3 roots, mainly 3 separate roots (96.4%).
The distal femur is an alternate site.
Excess body weight (including overweight and obesity) accounts for a larger attributable fraction of hypertension.
There is a significant relationship between intestinal metaplasia and Hp ìnfection.
Research on the shape and size of the arteries and nerves of gluteal region
Nutritional status of pregnant women, newborn babies and related factors at 4 mountainous communes in Bac Giang province, 2003 to 2004.
Materials and method: A cross-sectional study design was used with a sample size of one hundred dental students at the University of Medicine and Pharmacy at Ho Chi Minh City (42 males, 58 females) between 18 and 26 years of age; free from facial and dental deformities.
Portosystemic collaterals shunt blood away from the liver.
Measures to improve COPD management in the early stage can prevent progressing to the late stage and decrease the economic burden of COPD in Vietnam.
Evaluating the hemostatic effect on a model of bleeding caused by tail cutting of white rats, "Vien tri HV" was used at doses of 0.7 g / kg / day and 1.4 g / kg / day, effective hemostasis was assessed based on bleeding time and blood loss.
Moreover, predict ADMET showed that these two compounds have good intestinal absorption, not metabolized in the liver, excretion by the kidney and low toxicity.
Conclusion: Our results shows that hepatic resections for treatment of hepatolastoma in children can be done with no mortality and minimal complication.
The results were avaluated by the operative time, the complications during operating, the portion of exchanging for open surgery, the complications after the operation, the hospital stay.
The most common toxicity was neutropenia with grade 1, 2.
Quality of life (QoL) by soft form 36 have done in all the patients.
Acute myocardial infarction in a young patient having right bundle branch block due to left main coronary artery disease treated successfully by emergency percutanous coronary intervention, a case report
Mean CAS was 2.10±1.71, and 21 patients (30.88%) were diagnosed with active phase of GO (CAS ≥ 3).
Keywords: Chronic disease, service use, out-patient, older people
Case report: two cases with surgical ureteral injury
Conclusion: Health education for hypertensive patients at Vinh Medicine University Hospital in 2020 is effective, but the hospital needs a health education program for hypertensive patients to regularly evaluate the effectiveness of communication and health education activities for patients.
Repeated stimulation by estrogen and progesterone may contribute to the development of fibrocystic changes, which are more common among women who had early menarche, who had their first live birth at age > 30, or who are nulliparous.
Images of Granuloma Inguinale Granuloma Inguinale (Male) This photo shows genital granuloma inguinale.
Etiology of Agnosia Agnosia results from damage to (eg, by infarct, tumor, abscess, or trauma) or degeneration of areas of the brain that integrate perception, memory, and identification (eg, Alzheimer disease, Parkinson disease dementia).
Key words: jaundice, hyperbilirubinemia, neonatal
Although some species of these fungi may be true pathogens and cause phaeohyphomycosis in immunocompetent patients, pigmented fungi have been increasingly recognized as opportunists; almost all cases of widely disseminated infection occur in immunosuppressed patients.
She was hospitalized with a 2-weeks history of a gross hematuria which resulted in a severe acute anemia.
Postterm Infants By Arcangela Lattari Balest, MD, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Oct 2022 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment A postterm infant is an infant born after 42 weeks gestation.
Adjunctive treatments used with mechanical ventilation in some patients include Paralytics Sedation Nitric oxide Paralytics (eg, vecuronium, pancuronium bromide) may facilitate endotracheal intubation and can help stabilize infants whose movements and spontaneous breathing prevent optimal ventilation.
Background: Although using cART therapy has extended the life span of HIV / AIDS patients, the high cost of ARVs is an economic burden to be concerned.
The majority of patients came from Ho Chi Minh city: 90%.
Diagnosis of Scrub Typhus Clinical features Biopsy of rash with fluorescent antibody staining to detect organisms Acute and convalescent serologic testing (serologic testing not useful acutely) Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) Manifestations of scrub typhus are similar to those of Rocky Mountain spotted fever and epidemic typhus.
Relevant Anatomy for MCP and IP Joint Arthrocentesis The aspirating needle is inserted into the joint line along the dorsal portion of the joint, just medial or lateral to the extensor tendon.
Alternatively, in an adult, wrap a strip of gauze or elastic bandage around the area, beginning distally and wrapping most tightly distally and less tightly proximally.
The full protection level of girls (63.6) was significantly higher than boys (57.5%).
Conclusions: With appropriate indications, TOETVA surgery in differentiated thyroid cancer brings high efficiency in oncology aspects and has outstanding advantages in terms of aesthetics.
Hypertension during pregnancy appeared in both cases, one is moderate and the other is mild.
Symptoms and Signs of Esophageal Rupture Symptoms of esophageal rupture include chest and abdominal pain, fever, vomiting, hematemesis, and shock.
Keywords: glaucoma, ganglion cell-inner plexiform layer, retinal nerve fibre layer, optic disc area, cut-off points.
The risk of having dmft ≥ 4 was increased by 1.93 fold in children drinking bottled water at school and the risk for rampant caries by 1.92 - 2.32 fold (p<0.05).
There are 4 general types of thyroid cancer: papillary, follicular, medullary, and anaplastic.
Method: This is a case series study conducted on 55 twins pregnant women having a cervical length of ≤28 mm measured at 16 weeks 0/7 to 22 weeks 6/7 at My Duc hospital.
Occasionally, flatulence may be reduced by switching to a synthetic fiber preparation (eg, methylcellulose).
The aim of the study: To describe the clinical and subclinical characterization, management of Gastro-intestinal stromal tumor by surgery (the early results).
Purpose: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the early refractive outcome and the accuracy of IOL power calculation after primary IOL implantation in children.
Background: Stroke patients become more serious by appearing of various complications.
The regime Cyclophosphamide + Neupogen can be used to mobilize peripheral blood stem cells for patients with.
Also, fluoridated toothpaste should be used by people of all ages.
At the 10-week follow - up examination, he was free of symptoms and had signs of resolution of pancreatic pseudocyst on his abdominal sonography.
The first stage: transposition and straightening of the penis.
Although usually one or more family members have had symptoms, several generations may be skipped because of variations in the degree of gene penetrance.
Conclusion: MR image is useful for determining meniscal tears.
Drugs known to be associated with eosinophilia are stopped.
Features anesthesia and surgery: + Time of surgery: From the start of skin incision to the end of skin closure.
Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 412 inpatients at Tay Ninh Traditional Medicine Hospital from July to November 2013.
Method: descriptive cross - section, assessment of clinical disease degree according to WOMAC, X-ray damaging stage according to Kellgren and Lawrence.
"I think these results are really exciting because it unleashes gene targets that could improve antibiotic efficacy, that are not being currently investigated," Lopatkin says.
Isolated panic attacks may not require treatment.
Vesicles and bullae are the most specific lesions; erythematous plaques may develop.
Hypertension can also be controlled in about 80% of hemodialysis patients by filtration alone.
About 25% of coronal craniosynostosis cases are syndromic and due to single-gene mutations or chromosomal defects.
Prevention of malaria and many other vector-borne diseases involves Wearing long-sleeved shirts and pants Applying diethyltoluamide (DEET) - containing insect repellants to exposed skin and permethrin to clothing Using window screens, air-conditioning, and bed nets impregnated with permethrin or other insecticides For residents of nonendemic areas who travel in regions where malaria is transmitted, taking prophylactic antimalarial medications Travelers to rural Latin America should not sleep in adobe dwellings where reduviid bugs can transmit Chagas disease.
Study on the carriers of thalassemia in minh hoa mountainous district of quang binh province
Interventional cardiac catheterization in congennital heart disease at university medical center of ho chi minh city, vietnam
Deep neck infection with thyroid abscess by ESBL - Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae: A case report
As with all herpes simplex virus infections, there is a primary infection, followed by a latent phase, in which the virus enters the nerve roots.
The following newer rifamycins are available for special situations: Rifabutin is used for patients taking drugs (particularly antiretroviral drugs) that have unacceptable interactions with RIF.
In which, 33.3% of patients got 100% node.
Both are well tolerated and safe, but Ringer's lactate and other buffered solutions have lower chloride concentrations and may reduce development of hyperchloremic metabolic acidosis.
Background: The issue of mental health has been increasingly more attention.
Surveying the rate of drug interactions in outpatient prescribing for cardiovascular patients, thereby building a list of drug interactions that need attention in outpatient prescribing for cardiovascular patients at Nhan dan Gia Dinh Hospital.
There is relationship between family economy, mother education level, mother's marriage aged under 18 years old, mother inbreeding marriage, mother gaining < 10 kg during pregnancy, normal delivery, crowed children, breastfeeding time after delivery, weaning time, low birth weight babies, frequent illnesses and not fully vaccinated with stunting malnutrition in Mong ethnic children (p <0.05).
Detailed information on many of the specific syndromes is available from the Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man ® (OMIM ®) catalog of genetic disorders.
Chronic strongyloidiasis can persist for years due to autoinfection.
Location of masses in relation to the testis and the degree and location of tenderness may help differentiate among testicular masses (eg, spermatoceles, epididymitis, hydroceles, tumors).
In chronic hemodialysis patients a tran-sient increase of serum T4 concentration, cau-sed by using heparin as an anticoagulant, occurs.
Conservative treatment for condylar fractures of the mandible
Conclusions: Under the conditions of this clinical study, both instruments were safe to use, showed equally efficacy in preparing root canals and endodontic clinical results.
The management is complex due to the choice of therapy: drug (GnRH agonist) or surgery.
The following measures may help: For infants who cry for short periods: Being held, rocked, or patted gently For infants who have a strong sucking urge and who fuss soon after a feeding: Opportunity to suck more (eg, a pacifier) If bottle feeding takes < 15 to 20 minutes: Nipples with smaller holes, a pacifier, or both For very active, restless infants: Paradoxically, being swaddled tightly An infant swing, music, and white noise (eg, from a vacuum cleaner, car engine, or clothes or hair dryer) may also be calming.
Conventional angiography (venography with pressure measurements and arteriography) is necessary if therapeutic or surgical intervention is planned.
Of all knowledge components, knowledge about cancer risk factors has the lowest correct answer rate.
Results: Sensory block was adequate for surgery in all patients.
The LH surge is also stimulated by GnRH and progesterone.
If CSF is not obtained despite what seems to be successful penetration of the subarachnoid space, turn the needle 90° and recheck.
During treatment, surgery was performed in 42.9% of patients.
Method: Crosssectional study, use questionnaires for 369 husbands from18 years old and older whose wives had just given birth at the Normal Obstetric Ward at the National Hospital Obstetrics and Gynecology from June 11, 2020 to July 10, 2020.
Keywords: knowledge; practice; managing, disposing, medical waste.
Oral methotrexate 15 to 20 mg once a week can be given for musculoskeletal manifestations.
Other risk factors include Poor school performance High-risk behavior (eg, excessive dieting, particularly among girls; physical fighting and drunk driving, particularly among boys; use of alcohol or other substances) Poor problem-solving abilities Availability of cigarettes Poor self-esteem Adolescents may also use tobacco products in other forms.
Among them, Sevoflurane is more commonly used.
One of the most important is loud noise exposure.
Clinical issues were improved in 23th day of disease onset for being on ventilatior patient: motor recovery, improvement in cranial nerve functions and respiratory involvement.
Methods: From September 2010 to September 2012, there were 71 complicated appendicitis cases performed by single incision laparoscopic appendectomy.
Background: Pressure sores is the severe complication, this is common on patients with serious, time-consuming illness.
The inhibitability of the drugs towards enzyme ACE2 and SARS-CoV-2 main protease (6LU7) was evaluated by molecular docking simulation, while their bio-compatibility was justified by physicochemical properties obtained from QSARIS-based analysis in reference to Lipinski's rule of five.
The most common mycobacterial infection is tuberculosis; others include leprosy and various environmental nontuberculous mycobacterial infections, such as those caused by Mycobacterium avium complex.
The branhes of the radial artery might be absent, such as the palmar carpal branch, the princeps pollicis artery.
Conclusion: Reduction of systolic and diastolic function indicators is common in patients with non - hemodialysis chronic kidney disease patients with preserved ejection fraction.
Evaluation of pulmonary artery pressure index on echocardiography in patients with covid-19
Bowlegs can be corrected surgically.
The non-operation management was treated for 45% of all of patients and grades 4 took 25% of them.
The most commonly reported adverse effect is mild to moderate maculopapular rash, but severe skin reactions, including toxic epidermal necrolysis, have also been reported.
Research shows that people with heart-related conditions have the highest risk of hospital-acquired infections compared to people with other medical conditions.
+Average risk stratification: Systolic hypertension at 140 mmHg was highest (40.71%) and diastolic hypertension at 80 mmHg was highest (74.29%).
Side effects of infections and hyperglycemia were higher than ones reported from other studies but under control.
The tumor arises from the ribs, cartilage or soft tissue of the chest wall.
Treatment of Fractures Treatment of associated injuries Reduction as indicated, splinting, and analgesia RICE (rest, ice, compression, and elevation) or PRICE (including protection with a splint or cast) as indicated Usually immobilization Sometimes surgery Initial treatment Serious associated problems, if present, are treated first.
An exception is a patient with cardiogenic shock who typically does not require large volume infusion.
Treatment of Nephronophthisis Supportive care In early disease, treatment involves management of hypertension, electrolyte abnormalities and acid-base disorders, and anemia.
Conclusion: Children are vulnerable object due to lack of knowledge and exsiting potential risks accident injuries caused to children in habitats.
The discriminatory capacity has been found significative: the area under the ROC curve for in-hospital-mortality were 0.781 and 0.778 for one year mortality (p<0.001), the c statistic for 6-months mortality was low, 0.681 (p=0.015).
The majority of students strictly followed the Government regulation (99.7%), regularly washed their hands properly (98.7%), supplemented with nutrition, increase physical fitness (89.2%), wore a mask when going out (96.4%).
In a few patients with smaller tumors, thyroidectomy followed by external beam radiation therapy has been curative.
For immune complex and pauci-immune disease, corticosteroids (methylprednisolone 1 g IV once a day over 30 minutes for 3 to 5 days followed by prednisone 1 mg / kg orally once a day) may reduce serum creatinine levels or delay dialysis for > 3 years in 50% of patients (1, 2).
Conclusions: Among COPD patients who are male and younger than 60 years old, those in stage IV have the lowest average BMI and those are underweight have the most severe pulmonary obstruction.
Conclusions: The model predicts that the dengue cases will increase over time with the impacts of climate change.
Current situation of health practitioners with drug detoxification in treatment center of labor and social education before and after implementation of intervention measures
Antibiotic resistance of haemophilus influenzae and treatment results in pneumonia due to haemophilus influenzae in Vietnam national children’s hospital
Gross or microscopic hematuria is the most common manifestation, followed by flank pain, fever of unknown origin (FUO), and a palpable mass.
Keywords: GRACE 2.0, acute coronary syndrome, risk stratification, risk score
Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP): Influenza ACIP Vaccine Recommendations Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC): Influenza Vaccination: Information for Healthcare Professionals ACIP: Prevention and Control of Seasonal Influenza with Vaccines: Recommendations of the ACIP—United States, 2020 - 21 Influenza Season Summary of changes to the 2022 adult immunization schedule
The isolates of S aureus as MRSA accounted for 78.5%.
Other adverse pregnancy outcomes are also more likely.
Background: To provide objective information about the process of clinical examination and treatment at outpatient clinic - Trung Vuong Emergency Hospital, which will serve as a background to improve medical care which is rapidly and more efficient.
Except for ocular or facial palsies, focal signs are rare until relatively late in the course.
Purpose: the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect that arthroscopic debridement osteoarthritis knee has on patient and funtion Methods: fifty patients (mean age: 53, 3 years) were available for 2 - 11 months (mean time: 5, 3 months) follow-up after undergoing knee arthroscopic to treat arthritic symptoms refractory to convervative treatment.
Making a study of clinical and spirometric characteristics of elderly asthmatic patients is a practical requirement to achieve an optimal asthma control.
The amount of morphine in Nguyen Trung Kien's study is 57.8 ± 11.3 mg after 72 hours.
Treatment of Proximal Humeral Fractures Usually a sling and early range-of-motion exercises Sometimes open reduction with internal fixation (ORIF) or prosthetic joint replacement One-part fractures rarely require reduction; most (almost 80%) are treated with immobilization in a sling, sometimes with a swathe (see figure Joint immobilization as acute treatment: Some commonly used techniques), and early range-of-motion exercises, such as Codman exercises.
Objectives: Evaluate initial experience in indication, surgical treatment of pulmonary metastases at Cho Ray hospital.
Typically, patients should take enough enzyme supplement to supply about 25, 000 to 40, 000 IU of lipase before a typical meal and about 5, 000 to 25, 000 IU of lipase per snack.
Study on antioxidant activity of total extract and fractions extracted from the root of codonopsis javanica (blume) hook.f. cultivated in lam dong province
Additional Considerations for Scapular Manipulation Reduction attempts are more likely to succeed if patients are calm and can relax their muscles.
Complications include peritoneal or retroperitoneal urinary leakage; perinephric abscess; fistula formation (eg, ureterovaginal, ureterocutaneous); and ureteral stricture, obstruction, or both.
Median time of TB onset was 44.1±33 months.. All had triple immunosuppression with steroid\ CNI\ AZA\ MPA.
Supportive treatment using fluid resuscitation, nasogastric suction, broad-spectrum antibiotics, and total parenteral nutrition is effective in > 75% of cases.
Objective: To determine the clinical and biologic features, and to evaluate the effect of treatment in children with all in the Children's Hospital 2.
To determine the relationship between sperm DNA fragmentation index (DFI) values obtained with sperm dispersion and conventional semen parameters in male patients with infertility.
Treatment depends on the tumor's characteristics and may involve curettage and electrodesiccation, surgical excision, cryosurgery, or, occasionally, radiation therapy.
How To Apply a Sugar Tong Arm Splint By Miranda Lewis, MD, University of Washington Reviewed / Revised Jul 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Indications Contraindications Complications Equipment Positioning Step-by-Step Description of Procedure Aftercare Warnings and Common Errors Tips and Tricks Topic Resources Sugar Tong Splint A sugar tong arm splint is a device applied to immobilize the wrist and arm to prevent supination and pronation of the wrist and forearm.
If the social situation suggests that follow-up within 24 hours is problematic, children should be admitted to the hospital.
The outbreak involved 37 confirmed and 10 probable cases in 6 states, but there were no deaths (1).
Conclusion: The rate of type 2 diabetes mellitus outpatient achieves IDF recommendation on physical activity is low.
Diagnose rumination disorder in patients who report repeatedly regurgitating food for ≥ 1 month after excluding other possible causes (eg, GI disorders, other eating disorders).
However ECG is the most popular and cheapest cardiovascular disease screening tool.
Objective: Compare postoperative pain after laparoscopic versus open colorectal cancer surgery at C department. Materials and methods: A prospective controlled study was carried out on 40 patients with colorectal cancer who were divided into 2 groups: laparoscopic and open surgeries from 3/2010 to 7/2010 in age, sex, surgical methods and postoperative pain levels. Results: Postoperative pain of patients in laparoscopic group was less than that of those in open group on 2nd, 3rd, 4th postoperative days.
TSH deficiency leads to hypothyroidism, with such symptoms as facial puffiness, hoarse voice, bradycardia, and cold intolerance.
Thyroxine-binding globulin capacity may increase in OC users; however, free thyroxine levels, thyroid-stimulating hormone levels, and thyroid function are not affected.
Also, in contrast to Graves disease, toxic solitary and multinodular goiters usually do not remit.
The rate of infants who were exclusively breastfed for the first six months was 15.5%.
The study findings suggest early screening for frailty in older patients with acute ischemic stroke.
Method: A cross-sectional study was conducted with the collection of 418 medical records of patients who died in 2019 and 2020 at the Emergency Department of Nhan dan Gia Dinh Hospital.
Furthermore, there were no correlations between the serum IL-17A concentration and any clinical manifestations of the patients (p >0.05).
The assocation between HM exposure and health indicators among study subjects Table 3.8.
Conclusion: Obtain American ginseng extract as a material for the production of various preparations.
Etiology of Scrotal Pain The most common causes of scrotal pain include Testicular torsion Torsion of the testicular appendage Epididymitis / epididymo-orchitis There are a number of less common causes (see table Some Causes of Scrotal Pain).
Improvement is usually well-maintained over the long-term.
Quantitative determination of cyclosporin a content in the blood of patients experienced kidney transplant and the pharmacokinetics for vietnamese determined by fluorescence polarization immunoassay
The catheter also provides immediate access for drugs or blood if needed.
CT or MRI can identify pericardial thickening > 5 mm.
Patients were treated with open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) using locking compression plate through a volar approach.
Advanced age and male correlated significantly with the severity of esophagitis (p<0.05).
The median age was 50.9 years (range 19 - 71).
We present a case of 70-year-old female patient admitted to the hospital after 3 days of acute obstruction due to a thrombus from the left common iliac artery.
Objectives: to identify risks regarding occupational due to awkward postures.
Phase II: six out of 30 items were excluded from the tool.
Agglutination tests In agglutination tests (eg, latex agglutination, coaggregation), very small particles (latex beads, gelatin particles, bacteria) are coupled to a reagent antigen or antibody.
Objectives: To investigate the extraction method of Essential oil for high yield and stable compositions in order to commercializing.
This study aimed at defining disparities in health and health care between the Northern mountainous mid and high land of Vietnam and other regions in the country on analysis of health system performance.
Variants are classified I through V by the amount of activity of the G6PD enzyme.
S aureus and some strains of B cereus predominantly cause vomiting.
With very high doses, acidosis, hyperthermia, tachycardia, severe hypertension, seizures, and coma may occur; deaths are unusual.
Antioxidant activity of protein fractions extracted from marine sponge Ircinia mutans
Results: 30 days mortality rate of severe hemorrhage patients was 68.2%.
Many researchers of pediatric prehospital care continue to advise a ventilation rate of 10-breaths per minute.
Over time, peristalsis can pull the web and the bowel wall to which it is attached into the lumen.
Freshly passed stools uncontaminated with urine, water, dirt, or disinfectants should be sent to the laboratory within 1 hour; unformed or watery stools are most likely to contain motile trophozoites.
Results: The mean age was 59, 7 ± 12, 6 years old.
Pancreatic adenocarcinoma, radical surgery R1 and lympho node metastasis were prognosis factors for long-term survival.
Positive messaging typically involves portraying mental health struggles as part of life and human health experience with no stigma related to help seeking and treatment.
Of them, prophylactic antibiotics including cefazolin was in 87.3% and cefuroxime in 12.7%.
In addition to questions regarding prescription drug and illicit drug use, women with significant hair loss and evidence of virilization should have levels of appropriate hormones (eg, testosterone and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate [DHEAS]) measured (see Hirsutism).
Methods: A case series study was conducted at Tu Du Hospital from November 15, 2017 to April 15, 2018.
Finally more clinical trial should be done in order to improve the clinical practice on nutrition care for critically care patient Keywords: Severe brain injury, nutrional status, nitrogen balance
Food decreases absorption of other tetracyclines as well, but this effect is less significant for doxycycline and minocycline.
Evaluation of the infection severity and identification of bacteria species from diabetic foot ulcer could help treat infection more effectively and furthermore reduce the cost and the amputated cases.
Evaluation of the add-on effect of solifenacin to tamsulosin for lower urinary tract symptoms due to bph
Patients with GI rupture require aggressive fluid resuscitation, broad-spectrum antibiotic therapy, and immediate surgical consultation for possible exploratory laparotomy.
Treatment is with endotracheal intubation, drainage, and antibiotics.
Autonomic dysfunction: Patients may have abnormal breathing patterns (Cheyne-Stokes or Biot respirations), sometimes with hypertension and bradycardia (Cushing reflex).
Ethical and legal authorities generally agree that health care practitioners are obligated to ensure, at a minimum, that patients understand Their current medical status, including its likely course if no treatment is pursued Potentially helpful treatments, including a description and explanation of potential risks, benefits, and burdens Usually, the practitioner's professional opinion as to the best alternative Uncertainties associated with each of these elements Practitioners should be clear about the prospects of recovery with treatment and, if treatment is successful, what life will be like afterward.
All cases of emergency surgery and stage IV cancer had post-operative malnutrition.
Method: Descriptive cross-sectional study with 59 diabetic patients treated at University Medical Centre Ho Chi Minh City.
The study was carried out on 69 patients with acute cerebral infarction caused by large cerebral artery occlusion (internal carotid artery and middle cerebral artery) hospitalized after 6 hours of cerebral perfusion imaging (CT Perfusion, MRI Perfusion) treated in combination with artificial intelligence software (RAPID) to remove intravascular thrombus during the period from January 2020 to March 2022 at Phu Tho Provincial General Hospital.
The diagnosis is confirmed by finding increased red blood cell and plasma protoporphyrin levels.
Purpose: Brugada syndrome is an inherited disease characterized by cardiac conduction disorder which can cause sudden death.
Then, each person simultaneously grasps their assigned extremity and places the patient supine on the bed; one physically fit person can typically control a single extremity of even large, violent patients (provided all extremities are grasped at the same time).
The PVR for54 patients without preoperative urinary retention decreased from 75 to 27.57 mL.
Keywords: knowledge about health risks, smoking intention, peripheral artery disease
In conclusions: The side effect often occurred tooth sensitivity, gingival irritation, in sequence.
The gastrointestinal tract is often involved, with variable manifestations that suggest intestinal obstruction, including nausea, vomiting, and colicky discomfort.
The results of reproductive health care activities at the district were implemented which was achieved with the MoH regulations.
Cutaneous Vasculitis (Cutaneous Leukocytoclastic Vasculitis; Cutaneous Small Vessel Vasculitis; Leukoclastic Vasculitis; Cutaneous Leukocytoclastic Angiitis; Cutaneous Necrotizing Venulitis; Hypersensitivity Vasculitis) By Alexandra Villa-Forte, MD, MPH, Cleveland Clinic Reviewed / Revised Jun 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Livedo Reticularis Livedo Reticularis (Leg) Cutaneous Vasculitis (Lower... Cutaneous vasculitis refers to vasculitis affecting small - or medium-sized vessels in the skin and subcutaneous tissue but not the internal organs.
- In AIV group, after 30 minutes apneic intermittent ventilation (T3'), SaO2 decreased significantly compared to the time before ventilation (T2).
Keywords: Mobilization, hematopoietic stem cell, multiple myeloma.
Penicillin, Cefotaxime, and Cefepime antibiotics can be used to prevent infection if pregnant women dont have screening results during pregnancy.
The commonest signs were chest wall retractions (90%), tachypnea (80%), tachycardia (72.5%), and level V of AVPU scale (84.7%).
Magnesium sulfate given by IV continuous infusion at doses that maintain serum levels between 4 to 8 mEq / L has a stabilizing effect, eliminating catecholamine stimulation (1).
There was 1 patient relapsed at the rectal fossa and died after 19 months, 1 patient had lung metastasis, the remaining 6 patients did not have progression after 22 months follow-up.
Compliance to antihypertensive medications in outpatient treatment prior to be ad- mitted to department of internal medicine, hue university of medicine and pharmacy hospital.
If fever is present, infection is presumed, and immediate, empiric broad-spectrum antibiotics are necessary, especially if the neutropenia is severe.
Purpose: Study on clinical diagnosis, paraclinical diagnosis and surgical treatment.
Endoscopic images and histopathology of colorectal polyps over 10mm in size
Hospice Hospice is a program of care and support for people who are very likely to die within a few months.
Materials and methods: Research using the forward-looking comparative intervention method was conducted from March 2021 until November 2021.
Investigate clinical and subclinical characteristics of bacterial vaginosis (BV) at National Hospital of Dermatology and Venereology from August 2020 to August 2021.
The dysfunction may be intermittent or transient, and multiple mechanisms are probably involved.
Subjects and methods: A cross sectional research, studying in 410 disease records of type 2 diabetes inpatients.
Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis (IPF) is a disease that causes fibrosis of the lung tissue, leading to impaired ventilation and gas exchange function of the lungs, manifested by shortness of breath.
The most common reasons for nonadherence are Frequent dosing Denial of illness Poor comprehension of the benefits of taking the drug Cost Many other reasons contribute to nonadherence (see table Causes of Nonadherence).
(See also Overview of Nutritional Support.)
Echocardiography assesses left ventricular function 3.
They may have an intense fear of and anxiety about pain before or during vaginal penetration.
They are reluctant to talk about themselves lest they be mocked or humiliated.
This enzyme is a plasma protease that cleaves von Willebrand factor; deficiency causes thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) and decreased ADAMTS13 activity levels may differentiate atypical cases of TTP from HUS.
A comprehensive, individualized program is developed with the help of appropriate specialists, including educators.
Clinical picture is clear, pain is in ¼ right lower quadrant.
Relevant Anatomy for Hip Dislocation Reduction The sciatic nerve lies posterior to the hip joint and may be injured during a posterior hip dislocation.
In this article, some methods efficiently used today in food quality preservation were mentioned, such as: using temperature, radiations, drying, chemical products, GMP, HACCP, CIP, UHT and sterilized filling and packaging... Keyword: File attachments:
Evaluation the treatment of spondylolisthesis at thanh hoa hospital from august 2008 to august 2012
However, in cases of terminal ileitis and a normal cecum, the appendix should be removed.
Serial serum creatinine kinase levels and serial electrodiagnostic studies are helpful in monitoring the disease course in some patients.
The aim of this study is to establish the genotype - phenotype correlations of various CYP1B1 mutations with primary congenital glaucoma.
Risk factors for long-term sequelae may include more severe disease presentation, older age, female sex, and pre-existing lung disease.
A urine culture should be repeated 6 to 8 weeks after delivery to verify cure.
Knowledge of disease symptoms of the people improved significantly but not uniform.
It is active against many Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, especially Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
In bulbar palsies, only the cranial nerve motor nuclei in the brain stem (bulbar nuclei) are affected.
However, the drug commonly causes gastrointestinal adverse effects (eg, dyspepsia, diarrhea), which for most people recede with time.
Conclusions: Ipsilateral carotido-subclavian bypass are the simple and effective methods for treatment stenosis of subclavian artery.
The 1-hour bundle compliance survey showed that 100% of patients received vasopressors and fluid resuscitation therapy.
After the last dose, If bleeding occurs within a few days, the estrogen level is sufficient and amenorrhea is probably caused by hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction, ovarian insufficiency, or estrogen excess.
In idiopathic nephrotic syndrome, albumin decreases due to loss by urine so serum calcium concentration also decreases.
The mean operating time in VATS group is 157 minutes longer than conventional thoracotomy, which was 124 minutes.
All patients have been examined and evaluated every 2 - 3 months according to the guidelines of the consensus statement in the diagnosis of MSA in 1998.
A case of EPN is successfully cured by antibiotic with abscess drainage at Binh Dan hospital, which reinforces this combined procedure.
Subject and method: Retro-observational study. Data on age, genre, geography, factors related to hepatocellular carcinoma (viral infection, possibility of treatment) was obtained from 2010 to 2021.
Conclusion: Spectinomycin, ceftriaxone, azithromycin and cefixim should be used as the drug of choice in treating gonorrhoea.
Symptoms and Signs of Obstructive Uropathy Symptoms and signs vary with the site, degree, and rapidity of onset of obstructive uropathy.
Result of applying occupational therapy in hand's functional rehabilitation at physiotherapy ward - cho ray hospital
The Viet Nam law of brain dead kidney donor on renal transplantation became effective as from 1 July 2007.
Thus, other offspring have no increased risk of the disorder.
Biopsy results were malignant in 8 cases, suspicious to be malignant in 2, specific benign in another 2 and unspecific in 3.
However, glucose control often proves difficult, and it is often neglected when other diseases are more acute.
Key Points Erysipeloid typically results from a penetrating wound in people who handle edible or nonedible animal matter (eg, in a slaughterhouse) or who work with fish or shellfish.
One years after operation, the functional score according to the rating system of the Musculoskeletal Tumour Society was 26/30, there was no sign of local recurrence.
Results: The botany characteristics, microscopic characteristics and the strutural elucidation of one aporphine alkaloid were reveal.
Keyword: Trial Improved Practice (TIP), rice fortified with iron and zinc, organoleptic, Thai Binh File attachments:
Postnatal depression & factors influencing on women delivered at hospital of the medical-pharmaceutical university of hcm city
Combination therapy with ganciclovir and foscarnet increases efficacy as well as adverse effects.
STUDY OF PRONE POSITIONAL VENTILATON IN ACUTE RESPIRATORY DISTRESS SYNDROME AT THE INTENSIVE CARE UNIT - CHO RAY HOSPITAL Aim of study is to implement prone position ventilation to ARDS patients.
Assemble gas-delivery and scavenger systems: Select a demand valve mask for a cooperative adult or child > 5 years of age or a continuous flow mask for patients 2 to 5 years of age or who are unable to cooperate.
Disk herniation Compression fracture (usually thoracic or lumbar) Lumbar and cervical spinal stenosis Osteoarthritis throughout the spine Spondylolisthesis All of these disorders also can be present without causing pain.
Methods: Twenty extracted intact maxillary first premolars were endodontically treated and randomly divided into 2 group (10 teeth per group): group E contained teeth restored with ceramic endocrown; group C contained teeth restored with fiber post and core supported crown.
Results: During 9 years and 3 months, from 19 - 5 - 1995 to 30 - 8 - 2004 for laparoscopic cholecystectomy or less than 9 years for other 31 kinds of endoscopic operation with total number 7462 were done.
Results: The females were double males.
Using small, noncutting needles reduces risk.
Candida species are increasingly important causes of late-onset sepsis, occurring in 12 to 18% of extremely LBW infants.
Investigate the situation of medical examination and treatment with traditional medicine and the diversity of medicinal plants of the Khmer ethnic minority in Tra Vinh province
Infants and children may present with limited spontaneous movement of a limb (pseudoparalysis), irritability, feeding disturbances, and a high, low-grade, or no fever.
There is no specific treatment for NASH.
It is differentiated from allergic rhinitis by the absence of an identifiable allergen.
Postvoid dribbling is extremely common and probably a normal variant in men.
Among smokers, the proportion of those already quitting smoking was 42.9% and those who reduced smoking was 46%.
Analysis: The software Epi info 6 was used for data analysis.
Healing may occur spontaneously, but minocycline or doxycycline 100 to 200 mg orally once / day, clarithromycin 500 mg orally 2 times a day, or RIF plus EMB for 3 to 6 months have been effective against M marinum.
Syncope By Andrea D Thompson, MD, PhD, University of Michigan; Michael J Shea, MD, Michigan Medicine at the University of Michigan Reviewed / Revised Jul 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Etiology Evaluation Treatment Geriatrics Essentials: Syncope Key Points More Information Topic Resources Some Causes of Syncope Some Drug Causes of Syncope Syncope is a sudden, brief loss of consciousness with loss of postural tone followed by spontaneous revival.
Prevalence rates in Vietnam now range from 6.5% to 16%.
Conclusion: The proportion of patients who did not match the target of LDL-c concentration < 1.8 mmol / l accounted for 68.4%.
Evidence supports early transition of patients from ACE / ARB to ARNI, even in the hospital setting where patients will experience less pulmonary congestion and may have fewer early readmissions.
Percentage of students with eyeglasses for refractive adjustment was 35.0% inwhich girls with glasses accounted for 40.9%, and boys with glasses were 28.6%. The percentage of pupils with glasses increased with age, the percentage of students with glasses at urban areas was 45.6%, which was higher than the suburbs (13.5%).
Conclusion: Whole body cooling can be applied safety for HIE moderate to severe treatment and lead to favorable early outcome.
Treatment of infected fracture of femur by triple-rod, two-plane external fixator
Types of cancer, time since diagnosis, comorbidities, cancer recurrence, side effects, nutritional status and learning status were associated with quality of life of children with cancer.
Although family members may be affected, a clear genetic pattern is difficult to establish.
Pneumonitis is rare, although minor impairments in pulmonary function are common.
Initial evaluation of hepatocellular carcinoma treatment using radiofrequency ablation
Conclusion: The prevalence of metabolic syndrome in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases was 30, 3%.
Use self-filling questionnaires included 24 questions on general information content, knowledge, practice proper hand washing and hand washing observed checklist of students.
Therefore, we could effectively differentiate two groups of obstructive and non-obstructive infertilities and hence, prognosis and treatment could be better made.
The rate of increased / decreased T4 before and after treatment.
Now we will apply some sterile rubber bands to keep the sterile sheath in place.
We shouldn't underestimate the importance of the style of a particular artist, their place in history and the artistic environment of their time.
Results: On average, health staff at commune health centers were trained 62.7 medical procedures, mostly on Resuscitation, Internal Medicine, Pediatrics and Obstetrics and Gynaecology.
Evaluate 7th day, 14th day of treatment with average pain score (VAS), improvement of living function (Oswetry Disability 2.0 questionnaire), the lumbar spine movement and lumbar spine relaxation.
However, treatment of Helicobacter Pylori is still a challenging problem due to drug resistance of bacteria growing.
Early diagnosis is difficult, but angiography and exploratory laparotomy have the most sensitivity; other imaging modalities often become positive only late in the disease.
35 - Patient selection criteria: Patients were identified according to the criterion of bronchial asthma diagnosis, those who were surveyed and found to be infected.
Deer ticks Treatment of Tick Bites Tick removal with blunt, curved forceps Sometimes prophylactic doxycycline Tick removal should occur as soon as possible to reduce the cutaneous immune response and the likelihood of disease transmission.
There were 33/183 infants did not take vaccinated HBIg and the primary reason was because they must pay for the dose (about 2.1 million VND / dose); the second reason was the family concern about the safetiness of taking two doses within 24 hours and two infants were not eligible for HepB-BD, so they did not take HBIg either.
Study on association between serum elevated lipoprotein-associated phospholipase a2 levels and cerebral infarction.
Study design is retrospective descriptive study in large hospitals in Hanoi from January 2010 to March 2014.
Conclusion: MSI-H CRCs has a higher incidence than MSS / MSI-L tumors in stage I and lower in stage II.
To evaluate the efficacy of phacoemulsification combined with vitrectomy for treatment of retinal detachment
Vanderbilt ADHD rating scale for parents and teachers were applied to evaluate the ADHD of children over 6 months ago.
Gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST) are mostly located in the stomach, small intestine, colorectal, and rarely in the duodenum.
The pregnant women were directly interviewed using a structured questionnaire.
We have surveyed 100 patients within 3 months whose were treated at our department. Results: average age was 35.45 ± 16.001; 87% were male; 98% of injuries were caused by traffic accidents. Average blood glucose concentration was 135.45 ± 33.6 mg / dL, decreased in the following days and decreasedto 118.5 ± 46.2 mg / dL.
A drug's pharmacodynamics can be affected by physiologic changes due to A disorder or disease Aging process Other drugs Disorders that affect pharmacodynamic responses include genetic mutations, thyrotoxicosis, malnutrition, myasthenia gravis, Parkinson disease, and some forms of insulin - resistant diabetes mellitus.
Blast lung injury may cause dyspnea, hemoptysis, cough, chest pain, tachypnea, wheezing, decreased breath sounds, apnea, hypoxia, cyanosis, and hemodynamic instability.
In well-designed studies, no evidence of exacerbation of preexisting depression by DMPA was found.
Subject and method: Our instrument was developed based on literature review and the guideline to assess outpatient satisfaction issuing by Vietnamese Health Ministry. The initial version consisted of 27 Likert-type items (where a higher score indicates higher satisfaction) was administered to patients who come to hospital to seek a doctor and buy medicines at the hospital pharmacies from July 2020 to September 2020.
Systematic fit with RSD% for retention time and the peak area is 0.69% and 0.13%, respectively.
So, we wanted to study the prevalence of VTE after hip and knee replacement.
The change of ASO over time was paralell to a streptococcal infection case affected by the drugs.
There were no significant changes in white blood cell and platelet counts.
HIV prevaleance and risk behaviors on injecting drug user in Ha Nam, 2012
It leads to nephrocalcinosis in some patients.
Serum sodium may fall due to natriuresis or rise due to excretion of large volumes of free water.
Results and conclusions: The average fasting C - Peptide concentration was 0.84 ± 0.37 nmol / l.
They may not seek employment when opportunities are available.
MRI shows spinal cord atrophy and T2-weighted images of the lateral columns and anterior nerve roots, which often appear hyperintense on MRI.
There is no specific histologic abnormality.
An S1Q3T3 or a new right bundle branch block may indicate the effect of abrupt rise in RV size affecting RV conduction pathways; these findings are moderately specific but insensitive, occurring in only about 5% of patients, although the findings occur in a higher percentage of patients with massive PE.
Inflammation can extend to the epicardial myocardium (myopericarditis).
Not the case any complications during the implementation of retinal laser photocoagulation.
Cylindrical bronchiectasis is most common.
Two cases, calculus (1 - 1.2 cm in diameter) were removed using sialendoscopy and combined approach.
Recent medical events are helpful; they include review of recent blood pressure readings, surgical procedures, and drug and x-ray contrast administration.
Backgrounds: Gastro-esophageal reflux disease (GERD) is increasing in Asian countries, including in Vietnam, may be due to the development of economy and industry that influence the life style, nutrition and activity condition.
Rat lungs had been taken at day 7th and 14th to measure its weights, vascular densities (expression of CD34), and radial alveolar counts and mean linear intercepts.
Results: In 61 patients, 43 patients with VT, 18 patients with SVT, 54.1% male, history of ischemic heart disease (3.3%), heart failure (11.5%), no history structural cardiovascular disease (83.6%).
An example is mecA, a gene for oxacillin resistance in S aureus; if this gene is present, the organism is considered resistant to most beta - lactam drugs regardless of apparent susceptibility results.
CAM treatments may emphasize the whole person and thus include patients who may be excluded from evidence-based medicine randomized controlled trials because they have comorbidities.
2.1% of patients had intra tumoral hemorrhage.
Objectives: To identify the mortality rate and related factors to mortality in trauma patients treated at Cho Ray Phnom Penh in 2019.
Rapidly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria (Mycobacterium fortuitum complex, M chelonae, M abscessus complex) can cause nosocomial outbreaks of infections, usually due to injection of contaminated solutions, wound contamination with nonsterile water, use of contaminated instruments, or implantation of contaminated devices.
Five of the toxins affect humans: types A, B, E, and rarely F and F / A Hybrid (formerly labeled H).
Diagnosis is by clinical appearance and sometimes by potassium hydroxide wet mount, particularly if the infection manifests as hyperkeratotic, ulcerative, or vesiculobullous or is not interdigital.
Most that are added to our cosmetics are man-made and not naturally occurring.
The 2019 Amended ASA-PS was modified by new definitions, approved examples, especially definition for emergent patients.
Vision is recorded as the smallest line in which the patient can read half of the letters, even if the patient feels that the letters are blurry or they have to guess.
Eur Respir J 61 (1): 1 - 144, 2023. doi: 10.1183/13993003.00879 - 2022 Prognosis for Sarcoidosis Although spontaneous remission is common, disease manifestations and severity are highly variable, and many patients require corticosteroids to relieve symptoms or slow progressive organ function decline at some time during the disease course.
Watery diarrhea may be accompanied by abdominal pain and marked urgency to defecate; stools may contain mucus, pus, and often blood.
Conclusion: Pain in women with caesarean section under spinal anesthesia occurs mainly in the first 24 hours, requires pain relief by only using NSAIDs but not opioid.
Conclusion: Survival in patients with EA increased thanks to earlier diagnosis, improved surgical techniques and better supportive care.
Bladder and bowel function Urine retention, bladder overdistention, and catheterization should be avoided if possible.
This study aims to clarify this matter.
Direct rotation of the vertebral body and the right UIV bone welding on the curve has an impact on restoring and maintaining the shoulder balance.
The operative time of the PAL group with n = 6 was 213.33 ± 78.91 minutes (the study group with n = 84 was 169.2 ± 47.2 minutes), the chest drainage time of the PAL with n = 6 was 12.33 ± 1.97 days (the study group with n = 84 was 6.31 ± 2.15 days), the hospital stay of the PAL was n = 6 was 14.50 ± 1.87 days (the study group with n = 84 was 9.56 ± 2.56 days).
Delusions of thought withdrawal or thought insertion: Patients believe that others can read their mind, that their thoughts are being transmitted to others, or that thoughts and impulses are being imposed on them by outside forces Delusions in schizophrenia tend to be bizarre—ie, clearly implausible and not derived from ordinary life experiences (eg, believing that someone removed their internal organs without leaving a scar).
These Highlights summarize the changes included in the 2018 AHA Guidelines Focused Updates published by the advanced cardiovascular life support (ACLS) and pediatric advanced life support (PALS) writing groups.
Objective: To evaluate the results of an experimental explant and implant of the heart-lung bloc in a swine model.
Introduction: Since 1992 to 2009, at Cho Ray Hospital, having been 176 patients well undergone the kidney transplantation; but we haven t got a standard protocol of anesthesia and ICU for these patients.
Nitrogen balance is best determined by subtracting the amount of nitrogen excreted in urine and feces from the amount of nitrogen consumed.
Clinical examination revealed that 25 eyes had clear corneas, 15 had corneal edema, and 33 had corneal guttae.
Simultanagnosia usually results from damage to the bilateral parieto-occipital junction.
Explore the association among children and parents' nutritional status, parents' myopia.
Results: By studying 448 patients went to general examination at Hue University Hospital from 1/5/2013 to 1/9/2013, we have some of comments: 76.1% of patients has hepatic steatosis on ultrasound imaging in the aged of 30 - 60 years, common in men than women, with male - female ratio: 1.23.
The average deviation distance was similar between right and left lateral incisors.
Other signs of vascular injury can include a rapidly expanding or pulsatile mass or a bruit.
The usage of other blood components such as platelet isolated by machine, cryoprecipitates VIII factor depended on the situation of the diseases and the components supply at each time.
Radiofrequency ablation therapy (RFA) combined with transarterial chemoembolization (TACE) (combination therapy) is effective for intermediate hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).
Observation of the microscopic liver tissue cross section also revealed that the mice treated with MCE of C esculenta at doses of 1, 000 and 2, 000 mg / kg / day showed significantly improvement in their liver tissues compared to the non-treated control group.
Microscopically, Actinomyces appears as distinctive "sulfur" granules (rounded or spherical particles, usually yellowish, and ≤ 1 mm in diameter) or as tangled masses of branched and unbranched wavy bacterial filaments.
Keywords: Mini PCNL, shoe kidneys.
Malignant tumors have the main features of spiculation, non-parallel axis with the skin, markedly hypoechoic with posterior acoustic shadowing, microcalcification, vascular proliferation and invasion.
Background: Intravascular Ultrasound (IVUS) has been being an effectively supportive tool at Cathlab.
More Information The following are some of the major English-language heart failure guidelines that may be useful.
Because the median age for diagnosis of AML is 68, most newly diagnosed patients are considered older.
Results showed that the Murashige and Skoog (MS) medium added 0.5 mg. L-1 BAP was a suitable medium for generated microshoots, the average shoot number per explants was 5.00, the average length of the shoots was 3.79 (cm), the average leaf number per shoots was 7.50 after cultured 8 weeks.
Effects of diabetes on periodontal health Diabetes is a major risk factor for periodontitis through the following processes: Inflammatory process Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) Imbalance between bone resorption and bone formation (RANK / RANKL / OPG axis) 1.3.2.
There were an inversely correlated between the concentrate of serum PTH and the concentrate of serum ion calcium, serum total calcium, glomerular filtration rate (p < 0, 05).
National Domestic Violence Helpline: Information about the domestic violence hotline and live, online chat service available for victims, survivors, and friends and family members who are concerned about a loved one's safety
Some risk factors account for a high percentage that can be modified: Immobility, acute infection and heart or respiratory failure.
Postoperative resuscitation and complications of living donor liver transplantation: report of two cases
Untreated, both can cause osteoarthritis of the knee in adulthood.
Laparoscopic surgery has ever been developing: minilaparoscopy, minimizing trocars, NOTES.. for minimal invasive purpose.
The common route is through the portal vein as a result of abdominal infection.
Bursitis is due to trauma (eg, caused by rigid or poorly fitting shoes) or inflammatory arthritis (eg, rheumatoid arthritis, gout).
Visa classification in diagnosis of graves orbitopathy
However, during the interview we found that most of the sea-going vessels were equipped with ship's medicine chest and first aid equipment, some ships with seafarers were trained in medical officers so the first aid initially was more effective, Most fishing vessels did not have medical chest, emergency equipment and fishermen were not trained in first aid emergency, so when the injuries occurred, fishermen did not know how to rescue such as: bandages, braces, hemostatic bandages, fixed fractures.
Symptoms and Signs of Silent Lymphocytic Thyroiditis The condition begins in the postpartum period, usually within 12 to 16 weeks.
Most of the subjects belong to the Kinh ethnic group (99%), the rest belong to the ethnic group: Khmer (0.6%), and other ethnic groups such as Hoa, Muong, Nung and Tay (0.4%).
Conclusion: The combination of HAP and BISAP scores increased the sensitivity, predictive value, and prognostic value in predicting the severity of acute pancreatitis of the revised Atlanta 2012 classification in compare to each single scores.
Clinical outcomes of chandelier-assisted scleral buckling for management of primary rhegmatogenous retinal detachment
These measurements will help diagnosis and treatment of Vietnamese with dentofacial deformities.
As children grow, the curve can progress quickly.
The enema should be retained in the bowel as long as possible; instillation at night, with the patient lying on the left side with hips elevated, may prolong retention and extend distribution.
Results: AML with monocytic cells was 19% in total of AMLs.
Chronic toxicity causes rash, increased intracranial pressure, sparse and coarse hair, dry and rough skin, and arthralgia; risk of fractures is increased, especially in the older people.
The selected states were sorted into a sequence of events and diagrammed (Markov model).
Up to now, 2 patients at stage III died at 10 and 19 months postoperatively (1 due to perineum metastasis and 1 due to pelvic recurrence and pulmonary metastasis).
Falls reportedly contribute to > 40% of nursing home admissions.
Study design: cross section study, follow-up.
Hower, there are 47 patients (52.22%) had deep degree but only 32 patients (35.56%) has been operated at the perineal and genital wounds.
Each fresh cadaver was injected with barium sulfate, methylene blue, gelatin, and water, and then cooled to 4 °C for 24 hours before dissection.
For pregnant women, the recommended daily allowance (RDA) is 600 mcg / day.
Platelet transfusion is necessary to control serious bleeding in all of these disorders.
Grasp band with involved hand, with elbow bent to 90° and thumb up.
Table Evaluation of Nipple Discharge History History of present illness should include the following: Whether the current discharge is unilateral or bilateral What its color is and whether it is bloody or blood-tinged How long it has lasted Whether it is spontaneous or occurs only with nipple stimulation Whether a mass or breast pain is present Review of systems should seek symptoms suggesting possible causes, including the following: Fever: Mastitis or breast abscess Cold intolerance, constipation, or weight gain: Hypothyroidism Amenorrhea, infertility, headache, or visual disturbances: Pituitary tumor Ascites or jaundice: Liver disorders Nonlactational mastitis may be periductal mastitis, idiopathic granulomatous mastitis, or tuberculous mastitis.
Also, when penicillin is used, follow-up treatment with ceftriaxone, ciprofloxacin, or rifampin is necessary to eliminate nasopharyngeal carriage.
Importantly, cervical spine instability is usually asymptomatic.
Complications As the disease progresses, chronic inflammation and hypoxemia cause neovascularization of the bronchial (not the pulmonary) arteries.
Some steroids, such as testosterone, are contraindicated in patients with prostate or liver cancer.
Key words: Peptic ulcer, children, Helicobacter pylori.
Results of surgery-microvascular decompression of trigeminal neuralgia at viet duc hospital
Breast symmetry, hidden scars and conserving the nipple areola's function are difficulties to surgeons.
Tumor localization may require a radionuclide scan or laparotomy.
The therapist may identify various assistive devices that can help patients do many activities of daily living (see table Assistive Devices).
Treatment is with N - acetylcysteine to prevent or minimize hepatotoxicity.
Pathology of Endometrial Cancer Endometrial cancer is usually preceded by endometrial hyperplasia.
Worldwide, the incidence of the disease is about 5 - 7%.
Praziquantel is effective against adult schistosomes, but not developing schistosomula, which are present early in infection.
In well-selected patients, mini-Bentall procedure can be performed safely.
The accuracy of MRI compared with intraoperative assessment of intersphincteric fistula was the highest with 93.3%, transsphincteric fistula 91.7%, suprasphincteric fistula 84.6%, accuracy of MRI when diagnosis of extrasphincter fistula was lowest (16.7%) The study of Rosa G MRI showed 38.7% intersphincter fistula, 52.6% transsphincter fistula, 2.6% suprasphincter fistula, 4% extrasphincter fistula.
Subject and method: The research is a prospective and retrospective descriptive study, that enrolled 70 participants suffering from liver failure related to hepatitis B virus and treated with therapeutic plasma exchange at 108 Military Central Hospital from January 2018 to June 2022.
Malperfusion of the intestine increases the risk of sepsis due to enteric organisms.
Allergic rhinitis is often accompanied by signs of increasing evidence of the polyposis patient with dominant eosinophils that accounted for 91.67%.
Morning headache develops in more advanced disease and signals nocturnal hypercapnia or hypoxemia.
The proportion of mothers who breastfed their babies within 1 hour after delivery was 55.2%.
Contraindications to Lipoglycopeptides Lipoglycopeptides are contraindicated in patients who are allergic to them.
Human-to-human transmission is rare.
Diagnosis of ZAP-70 Deficiency Routine neonatal screening using the T-cell receptor excision circle (TREC) test White blood cell (WBC) count Mitogen and vaccine antigen stimulation assays Diagnosis of ZAP-70 deficiency is similar to diagnosis of SCID.
49.7% of the elderly have rehabilitation needs; those with mobility difficulties and those with difficulties in daily living activities had higher demands of rehabilitation rates than those without, with OR is 2, 16 and 1, 24 respectively (p < 0.05).
The risk of purpura simplex may increase in patients who have Treatment with aspirin or oral anticoagulants (eg, warfarin) A low body weight Prior exposure to corticosteroids Sun exposure The disorder usually affects women.
Methods: A case-control study of 3.237 adults (aged ≥ 25 years) was conducted in Quang Nam province, Vietnam in 2017, using questionnaire interviews, clinical examinations, and laboratory tests.
A double-barreled ileostomy with repeated N - acetylcysteine lavage of the proximal and distal loops is usually required to liquefy and remove the abnormal meconium.
Minimally regulated and sometimes unlicensed, these facilities principally serve 2 groups, often cared for together—older adults and the deinstitutionalized mentally ill.
Facilitating neuro-functional recovery - NIHSS decreased by 4.06±2.06 (points), arm muscular strength increased by 1.48±0.99 (grade) and leg muscular strength increased by 1.41±0.69 (grade) on average in the intervention group compared to 1.75±1.52 (points); 0.69±0.74 (grade) and 0.6±0.56 (grade) respectively in the control group, p<0.001.
Through literature reference, only about 13 studies are found, of which there are 5 quantitative studies about cytokines in the blood.
Certain team sports such as basketball and soccer can also provide vigorous aerobic exercise but may stress knees and other joints.
This research chooses the locking plate in the treatment of proximal humerus fracture.
Encephalopathy is unusual.
The following suspension systems are commonly used: Vacuum: An electric or mechanical vacuum pump removes air from the socket.
The Kala - Azar was often combining with HIV positive population.
Sucking forces - Compared with the normal primary impression techniques, in primary impression techniques sucking forces of maxilla increases: 0, 094 ± 0, 054 g, for mandible: 0, 082 ± 0, 047 g on average.
In the world The fasciocutaneous deltoid free flap was discovered by Franklin J D in 1984.
Subject and method: From May 2015 to July 2017, 111 patients with extra and intra-hepatolithiasis, who have undergone laparoscopic common bile duct exploration combined with cholangioscopy and electrohydraulic lithotripsy in Vietnamese-Swedish Uong Bi Hospital and Ho Chi Minh City Medicine and Pharmacy University were enrolled in the prospective study.
While maintaining this upward traction on the mandible, press the mask downward onto the face to attain a tight mask seal.
Quigley Hein index were significantly decreased (p<0.001) and 100% children with congenital heart disease have regularly brushed their teeth least 2 times a day.
However, the difference was not statistically significant in both groups with p>0.05.
Patients with positive ANA had higher mean severe bleeding grade according to IWG criteria, and lower hemoglobin level at presentation than patients with negative ANA (10.63 g / dL vs 11.83 g / dl) (p < 0.01).
Junctional epidermolysis bullosa A mild subtype affects only the elbows, hands, knees, and feet (typical friction sites) and often abates after infancy.
A specific phobia is fear of and anxiety about a particular situation or object (see the table Some Common Phobias) to a degree that is out of proportion to the actual danger or risk.
Onset of symptoms for autosomal dominant types ranges from early childhood to adulthood.
Selected data were based on the age, the gender, residence, maternal history, family history, diagnosis of deformaties of the eye and combined with other deformaties.
The physical findings at the time of hospitalization were as follows: body temperature 38.87 ± 0.66 °C, pulse rate 94.38 + 12.29 / min, respiratory rate 24.62 ± 5.57 / min, systolic blood pressure 120.11 ± 16.39 mmHg, diastolic blood pressure 73.66 ± 9.19 mmHg.
Many people who have frequent headaches are actually experiencing a rebound effect from taking pain medication too often.
Positioning Position the patient comfortably, with the wound exposed and well-illuminated.
Among osteoporotic patients, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) accounted for the highest part (35.87%).
Method: A cross-sectional study was conducted on medical records of patients with hospital discharge diagnosis of non-ST elevation myocardial infarction, ST-elevation myocardial infarction or unstable angina at Thong Nhat Hospital from April 2020 to August 2020.
Conclusion: MHD patients had variation of many features related to heart failure.
The mandibular nerve is the third brand of the trigeminal nerve and vulnerable the most in the infratemporal fossa.
Treatment Usually nail excision and destruction of adjacent nail matrix In mild cases, inserting cotton between the ingrown nail plate and painful fold (using a thin toothpick) may provide immediate relief and, if continued, correct the problem.
However, in the cases of spitting venom into the eyes, antivenom was not necessary, It is very important to clean venom out of the eyes by clean water or physiological salt water as soon as possible.
Corticosteroids are still the first choice of treatment because they are effective and economic.
Double contour sign was correlated with BMI, over 12 month from onset of the symptom and increase of blood uric.
It presents as a round or oval pure GGO nodule without pleural indentation or vascular convergence.
A cross sectional survey was conducted in 450 pregnant women in 10 communes of Khoai Chau district - Hung Yen province in 2007.
The S1 subunit containing the receptor-binding domain (RBD) was focused because of the heterogeneity with other SARS-CoVs and its immunogenicity.
Organisms cause hospital acquired infection were Acinetobacter baumannii 53, 9%, Klebsiella spp 12, 1%, Staphylococcus aureus 8, 8%, Pseudomonas aeruginosa 7, 7%, Enterococci spp 6, 1% and Escheria coli 3, 3%.
APICAL TRANSPORTATION OF ROOT CANAL: EXPERIMENT OF HAND K-FILE AND ROTARY PROFILE The objective of this study is to compare the apical transportation of root canal after preparation using stainless steel hand K-file and rotary nickel-titanium ProFile.
To evaluate the characteristics and identify some risk factors for febrile seizures in children at Thai Nguyen Central Hospital.
Result: 177 patients, male: 88.7%, female: 11.3%, mean age: 55.7 ± 10.2 years old, average dose of propranolol: 40.2 ± 64mg, 75.7% of regular using drug, mainly patients quit drug by themselves (83.3%), reaching the treatment target: 27.1%, failure to reach treatment target: 72.9%, the average time of the first gastrointestinal bleeding appearance was 26 ± 24.4 weeks.
Vitamin D levels had no statistically significant relationship with age group, gender, body mass index and blood lipid control.
Dosage is 0.5 mg orally once a day; however, patients who have previously taken a nucleoside analog should take 1 mg orally once a day.
Source of information approached at most 79.45% was television; trusted source of information was health workers (68.04%).
Arteriovenous graft with ptfe prothesis for hemodialysis
Abnormalities of ligament in 11 cases.
Adverse effects include temporomandibular joint (TMJ) discomfort, dental misalignment, and excessive salivation, but most patients tolerate the devices well.
Migrating adult worms can cause transient subcutaneous swellings similar to those of Loa loa (Calabar swellings), inflammation of the pericardium or pleura, conjunctival nodules, retinal damage, and periocular inflammation.
Knowledge, attitude of management after exposure reached 56.1% and 56.3% respectively.
Extraction in 300EtOH at different temperature conditions: room temperature (25° c); 40pC; 60 °C and 80 °C give extraction efficiency (%) respectively: 53, 4%; 54, 95%; 52, 35%; 50, 26%; average adenosine content: 1.13 mg / g; 1.2 mg / g; 0.78 mg / g; 0.65 mg / g, respectively; content of cordycepin: 1.81 mg / g; 1.88 mg / g; 1.91 mg / g; 2.1 mg / g, respectively.
A cross-sectional descriptive study conducted from October 2016 to September 2017 on 62 mothers who directly take care of children under 5 years old diagnosed with pneumonia in the Pediatrics Department in Quang Ninh provincial general hospital.
Keywords: Disc herniation, MRI lumbar spine, lumbar pain.
Active treatment to restore, maintain hemodynamic stability, ensure optimal blood oxidation and coronary revascularization was the main treatment for patients with cardiogenic shock after myocardial infarction.
Rajesh Agarwal, professor in the department of pharmaceutical sciences at the University of Colorado, Denver School of Pharmacy, said this study is only a step towards establishing the cancer preventive efficacy of bitter melon against breast cancer.
Larger falls were also seen in those who were more involved in childcare. xxx Prof Ashley Grossman of the Society for Endocrinology The lead investigator of the work carried out in the Philippines, Christopher Kuzawa, said: Raising human offspring is such an effort that it is co-operative by necessity, and our study shows that human fathers are biologically wired to help with the job.
Conclusion: The results may demonstrate TMT-induced neuronal cell death and injury through inhibition of the BDNF / TrkB receptor, which in turn inhibits the Phosphoinositide-3-kinase / protein kinase B (PI3K / Akt) signaling pathway.
296 patients consulted at "Pain Dept" of Trung Vuong Hospital were divided into to group: Group 1: Osteoarthritis of the knee diagnosed according to VRA (1991) and Group 2: without Osteoarthritis of the knee or other knee's diseases.
A full lung examination is done, particularly including adequacy of air entry and exit; symmetry of breath sounds; and presence of crackles, wheezes, or both.
Keywords: extensively drug, resistant Gram, negative bacteria, colistin, acute kidney injury
The following predictive factors of excellent response were age at initiation of treatment with the younger than 3 months, nonfacial IH location, superficial and combined IH, segmental IH (p <0.05).
Record data on age, sex, tumor characteristics, disease stage; surgical method, operation time, complications and surgical complications; number of bowel movements after surgery.
Therefore encourage students to use milk and milk products in accordance with Nutrition Institute recommendations: drink at least 200ml of milk, eat 200g of yogurt and 30g of cheese per day.
Characteristics of Dengue shock syndrome in Children’s hospital 1 from 2019-2020
Hemochromatosis (iron overload) is a typically systemic process in which iron deposition can cause tissue damage.
Owing to the high efficacy and safety, the same regimens that are recommended for chronic HCV infection are recommended for acute infection (1).
Methods: Of the 498 subjects aged 20 - 60 years enrolled in this study, participants without a clinical history of stroke, transient ischemic attack, myocardial infarction, angina, or renal failure were recruited.
If renal function is deteriorating, renal biopsy may help define the prognosis.
(Appendix 1) Questionnaire of daily consumption frequency and human health risk of chemical exposure from food (vegetables, seafood) during the last 7 days (Appendix 2) * The evaluation methods for the human health risk of consuming HM contaminated wellwater, seafood (fish, shrimp, snail) and vegetables: applying US EPA and WHO guidelines to calculate the hazard quotient (HQ), hazard index (HI), cancer risk [105, 106].
BISAP ³ 3 was associated with prolonged duration of hospitality, 22.77 days (95% CI: 12.88 - 32.66) longer than BISAP < 3.
Remimazolam – a novel benzodiazepine used in anesthesia
Brugada syndrome is a condition associated with cardiac sodium channel abnormalities in a structurally normal of heart.
When lumbar puncture is deferred, blood cultures should be obtained, followed immediately by empiric treatment with antibiotics.
Complications after scoliosis surgery.
Angiography provides details of the location and extent of arterial stenoses or occlusion; it is a prerequisite for surgical correction or percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA).
The mean loading dose was 0, 048 mg / kg (range 0, 015 - 0, 1mg / kg) and the maintenance dose was 0, 05 - 0, 15 mg / kg / h.3 patients experienced transient adverse effects 9 headache, flushing).
Plexiform neurofibromas can develop and have a tendency to grow to large sizes, causing irregularly thickened, distorted structures, sometimes with grotesque deformities that can impinge on nerves and other structures.
Result: 148 β-lactamase producing Enterobacteriaceae iolates, phenotypes of ESBL is 113 (76.4%) and AmpC is 35 (23.6%).
Results: Evaluation of response after 4 cycles of VCD (Velcade - Cyclophosphamide - Dexamethasone) by MFC recorded before ASCT, the proportion of patients with MRDnegative accounted for 42, 9%.
Case report: We report a post-thoracoscopicesophagectomy case of a 74-year-old man who successfully treated anastomotic leakage using EVAC.
Objective: Determine the success rate of induction labor by using Foley catheter, determine the average time between the onset of labor at the cervical Bishop score was ≥ 7 points and survey some side-effects of using Foley.
If necessary, prevent the patient from waking up or gagging (using sedative and / or paralytic medications) or remove the airway as clinically indicated.
From a business perspective, developing a product that meets the needs of consumers to exploit the potential of the FF market is an important requirement.
Snakebites By Robert A Barish, MD, MBA, University of Illinois at Chicago; Thomas Arnold, MD, Department of Emergency Medicine, LSU Health Sciences Center Shreveport Reviewed / Revised Jan 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Snakebite Wound Coral Snake Identifying pit vipers Timber Rattlesnake Southern Copperhead Eastern Cottonmouth Significant Venomous Snakes... Severity of Pit Viper Envenomatio... Of about 3000 snake species throughout the world, only about 15% worldwide and 20% in the US are dangerous to humans because of venom or toxic salivary secretions (see table).
Low resistant groups: Cephalosporin 4th generation, Vancomycin.
8 Chapter 3 RESEARCH RESULTS During the period from April 2014 to May 2015, we recruited 232 menopausal women and 58 non-menopausal women.
Key words: cleft lip, cleft palate, cleft lip and palate, dmft, DMFT, plaque and gingival index
Improving prescribing patterns and treatment efficacy in CAP patients is a suggestion to selectively apply to other populations.
Background: Postoperative adhesion is the leading cause of small bowel obstruction (SBO).
However, because all of these lesions share a common pathophysiology and natural history, the inclusive term infantile hemangioma is preferred.
Samples were homogenised, being mixed with saturated sodium chloride solution and then being adsorbed on kielselgurh columns.
Control ICP using various strategies, which may include sedatives (as needed) to control agitation, temporary hyperventilation, fluids and diuretics to maintain euvolemia, and antihypertensives to control BP.
Consult an infectious disease specialist if the patient does not improve on this regimen or cannot tolerate cephalosporins.
Result: 206 eyes of 168 patients with an average age of 69.2 ± 5.8 were included in the study.
Nirmatrelvir with ritonavir, remdesivir, molnupiravir, or monoclonal antibodies after onset of symptoms of COVID-19 may be considered to prevent progression to severe disease in high-risk patients, and remdesivir and monoclonal antibodies may be considered for severe COVID-19.
The patient's results were stable after the surgery, eating, drinking, and defecation remained normal, the Covid-19 rapid test was negative, the chest X-ray was stable before discharge, and the patient was discharged after 15 days of treatment.
Etiology of Meconium Plug Syndrome Meconium plug syndrome is more common among Premature infants Infants of diabetic mothers Infants of mothers treated with magnesium sulfate for eclampsia, preeclampsia, or preterm labor One study noted that 16% of cases of meconium plug syndrome were associated with magnesium tocolysis.
Effect of growing up (GUM) milk to improve nutrition status and respiratory infection in 1-3 year children
Patients at risk should be tested for HIV, gonorrhea, herpesvirus, chlamydia, and amebiasis.
The complete description of morphological and microscopic characteristics reported in this study will serve as valuable data for the conservation and development of this species in Vietnam.
Diseases of adrenal gland in children at children'hospital n01
Treatment of Acute Perforation of the GI Tract Surgery IV fluids and antibiotics If a perforation is noted, immediate surgery is necessary because mortality caused by peritonitis increases rapidly the longer treatment is delayed.
At before treatment, and followed up at 3 months, means of tear break up time score were 6.01 ± 4.58 and 8.45 ± 4.43 seconds (p < 0.05 Mann-Whitney U) respectively in diquafosol 3% group, 6.12 ± 4.28 and 7.47 ± 4.91 seconds (p < 0.05) respectively in sodium hyaluronate 0.1% group.
This suggests that if there is a neurotransmitter, the nervous movement recoveryappears and the movements will be performed.
However, atypical clinical presentations have been reported in the 2022 global outbreak; therefore, diagnosis may be delayed.
Multivariate analysis showed that mortality was associated with Euroscore and infectious complications.
Likert scale were used to measure patients' attitude.
Data sources for intervention effect size, transition probabilities, cost, and utility weightswere ranked with the lowest quality score of 3 and the highest of 1 (on a scale of 6 to 1+, corresponding to the lowest quality tohighest quality).
Inspiratory efforts against a closed upper airway cause swings in intrathoracic pressure that affect cardiac performance.
We have found that while countries such as the United States and United Kingdom have been able to lower the risks of women dying from breast cancer, through better screening and treatment, countries with fewer resources are seeing the risks go up.
The parents got 48.2% and 23% of the information about CKD from medical staff and social networks, respectively.
The prognostic factors of acute exacerbation of copd in elderly at thong nhat hospital
In some forms of congenital heart disease, the murmur of severe PR is quite short because the pressure gradient between the pulmonary artery and the right ventricle equalizes rapidly in diastole.
Brief symptomatic treatment with antiemetics can be tried.
Daytime manifestations are common and greatly affect the quality of life in patients with prosthetic heart valve replacement.
Key Points Risk of renal pelvis and ureteral cancers increases with smoking, phenacetin or cyclophosphamide use, chronic irritation, or exposure to certain chemicals.
The retention time of flurbiprofen was found to be 3.73 minutes.
Evaluate the anterior angle opening by ultrasound biomicroscopy (ubm)
Average mean postoperative VAS score was 4.
Diagnosis of acquired VWD after a centipede bite.
Pearls & Pitfalls Clues to atopic dermatitis include a flexural distribution of lesions and personal or family history of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma.
Incidence is highest in Africa and India.
Some bind to postsynaptic receptors, initiating a response.
Evaluating the changes in sexual quality of women with lower genital tract infection at hue university of medicine and pharmacy hospital.
The placenta produces a hormone (similar to thyroid-stimulating hormone) that stimulates the thyroid, causing hyperplasia, increased vascularity, and moderate enlargement.
In the successfully non-operative treatment group, we did not have any cases with complications.
Patients who have a thromboembolic event in the absence of an overt clinical explanation may have one of the genetic or acquired predisposing entities described below.
Conclusions: We found a good correlation between the pulmonary vascular resistance by Echo - Doppler and the severity of mitral stenosis, systolic pulmonary pressure, NYHA classification.
In addition, complications from anesthesiology have declined dramatically.
The implementation of EQAs requires materials that are EQAs samples - researched and manufactured by Vietnamese and foreign suppliers.
Objectives: To evaluate the results of endovascular treatment of patients having brain arteriovenous malformations.
Therefore, strict national risk-based food control systems should be considered to protect the health of the public.
Although most patients are between age 50 to 70 years, the incidence in younger patients is increasing, related to cancers (primarily oropharyngeal) caused by human papillomavirus (HPV) infection.
The results shown that almost isomers dioxin levels in maternal breast milk in hot-spot are significant higher than those in control group; cortisol and cortisone concentration in saliva, in breast milk and serum of lactating mothers in hot-spot area are significant higher than those in control group; hormon DHEA concentration in maternal saliva in hot-spot is higher than in control group at moment from 4 to 16 weeks of birth.
Hemostatic disorder is a common complication in septic shock, especially disseminated intravascular coagulation is a risk factor for multiorgan dysfunction leading to an increased mortality.
Relevant Anatomy for Removing a Ring Using String The site of maximum diameter (and obstruction to removal) is usually the proximal interphalangeal (PIP) joint.
Our current understanding of T1D pathogenesis is that susceptible individuals develop autoimmunity in response to an environmental trigger, with beta-cell failure developing over months to years.
However, until now there are not any studies on effectiveness of these two kinds of drug on dry eye treatment, especially dry eye on thyroid orbitopathy patients in Vietnam.
Beta-CTX with the cut-off of 288.85 pg / ml is best used to screen for osteoporosis with sensitivity (84.4%) and specificity (73.3%).
Concerning statistical significance between dyslipidemia with DALL: dyslipidemia risk of damage 5.4 times higher DALL than no dyslipidemia (OR 5.4, p <0.01) Keywords: Diabetes, Lower Extremity Vascular Disease, Artery Echo-Doppler of the lower extremities, Thanh Hoa Endocrine Hospital.
A cross-sectional descriptive study was carried out to investigate some clinical and laboratory features of primary myelodysplastic syndromes according to WHO-2008 classification.
Results indicated that zinc level in raw rice was 12.88 ± 0.014mg / kg, and iron level was 6.95± 0.044mg/kg.
Laparoscopic pyeloplasty in children, results of 66 cases
The average times of sclerotherapy were 2.19 ± 1.7 (at least 1 time and 7 times at most).
Aortoiliac PAD may cause buttock, thigh, or calf claudication; hip pain; and, in men, erectile dysfunction (Leriche syndrome).
Table Two major neurotransmitters in the autonomic nervous system are Acetylcholine: Fibers that secrete acetylcholine (cholinergic fibers) include all preganglionic fibers, all postganglionic parasympathetic fibers, and some postganglionic sympathetic fibers (those that innervate piloerectors, sweat glands, and blood vessels).
The level of improvement of signs of neurological damage in the two groups of LSC scores was not statistically significant with p> 0.05.
About 15% of pedunculated left atrial myxomas produce an audible "tumor plop" as they drop into the mitral orifice during diastole.
Biopsy shows pathognomonic, binucleated Reed-Sternberg cells.
Backgrounds: The study is to aim to investigate whether theophylline 400 mg / day to be better than 200 mg / day in patients with chronic obstruction pulmonary diseases (COPD). Methods: Two open studies were conducted connectively.
Adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) ACTH is also known as corticotropin.
Material and Method: 74 patients with suspected prostate cancer was performed transrectal multiparametric ultrasound includes 2D, color Doppler and elastography, was compare with Histological results follow transrectal US guide system biopsy12 core at the Viet Duc Hospital from May 2020 to June 2021.
In social relationships with the local people, study showed that up to 92.5% of workers were in a friendly neighbourhoods. In addition, 95.7% of workers felt safe as living in this local.
Nanocrystals are comprised of only the drug, at nanoscale dimension (eg, sirolimus), that leads to increased surface area for dissolution and solubility.
Follow-up tests are done to check for pregnancy and STIs: At 1 week: Gonorrhea, chlamydial infection, and trichomoniasis in patients who refused prophylactic treatment At 2 weeks: Pregnancy At 4 to 6 weeks: Syphilis and HIV infection At 3 months: Syphilis, hepatitis, and HIV infection If the patient has amnesia for events around the time of rape, drug screening for flunitrazepam (the date rape drug) and gamma hydroxybutyrate should be considered.
None of these, however, will be successful unless a good compliance is obtained.
Low-cost treatment that are to reduce the burden on the family and to solve overload in hospital.
+ The detection rate of 4 fusion gene mutations was 28.1%, respectively TEL-AML1 (13.5%), BCR-ABL1 (8.3%), E2A-PBX1 (3.5%), MLL-AF4 (2.8%).
Methods: A prospective study.
Research on the clinical features of benign epithelial tumors of submandibular gland
The most frequent etiologies were malignancy (48.4%), tuberculosis (21.0%), idiopathic (10.5%) and autoimmune diseases (7.3%), whereas bacterial causes were uncommon (4.8%).
The most common postoperative complication was pancreatic fistula, which accounted for 23.3%, postoperative intraperitoneal hemorrhage was recorded in 2 cases, and 1 of the two died of this complication.
Applications of an automated hematology sytem (Sysmex 4000i machine) in analysis of body fluids
English summary: The study was conducted in 20 primary school and kindergartens in Bac Kan city, Bac Kan province.
No statistically significant association was found between patient characteristics including gender, age, body mass index, Charlson index, days of hospitalization, number of drug use and occurrence of PIP.
A hepatobiliary scan using hydroxy iminodiacetic acid (HIDA scan) should also be done; excretion of contrast into the intestine rules out biliary atresia, but lack of excretion can occur with biliary atresia, severe neonatal hepatitis, and other causes of cholestasis.
Thus, the sinus node can take it a little easier, and well-trained people have a lower resting heart rate than people who have not done regular endurance training.
Conclusion: Detection of EGFR gene mutations of malignant cells in the pleural fluid by DNA sequencing is helpful in clinical practice.
Conclusions: This research showed that the elderly population living in long-term care facilities had severe tooh loss.
However, children above the 5th percentile who have not maintained their projected growth trajectory may also be considered to meet the criterion for low body weight; BMI percentile for age tables and standard growth charts are available from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (see CDC Growth Charts).
UAS7 of chronic urticaria patients was evaluated during the interview.
People with mild cognitive impairment may benefit from referral to occupational therapists or speech pathologists to help provide various interventions to improve function (eg, compensatory strategies).
Complications of pudendal block include intravascular injection of anesthetics, hematoma, and infection.
Thorough preoperative preparation and multidisciplinary planning regarding need for and timing of surgery, meticulous intraoperative technique, and aggressive postoperative care is key to successful surgery, which can provide long-lasting cure to these patients.
Conclusion: The results have showed that it is essential to consolidate drastic measures to improve patients' knowledge, adherence, and attitude toward treatment.
in the study (1).
Stady the change in hemodynamic of central artery in primary glaucoma eyes
Receive and manage the end stage of renal disease patients on the kidney transplantation waiting list: the initial results at ho chi minh city
Subject and method: A prospective, descriptive study included 140 patients with PCOS as defined by the Rotterdam 2003 consensus.
In Vietnam, it is estimated that about 30,000 women seek IVF treatment each year.
Treatment is with cortisol replacement, as for Addison disease; mineralocorticoid replacement is not required.
In addition SGLT-2 inhibitors have been shown to prevent progression of chronic kidney disease in patients with diabetes and reduced glomerular filtration rate or albuminuria.
Keywords: EV71, antiviral activity, antibacterial activity, Piper betle L, Betel leaves extract.
Hence, this study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of combination of modified acupuncture on gluteus maximus, quadriceps femoris, and hamstring muscles and motor relearning program in helping patients who failed to stand up after a stroke to stand up by themselves.
Time characteristics - The mean onset-to-door (OTD) time was 201.2 ± 100.5 (11 - 360) minutes.
Apply axial traction and then push the foot directly backward while an assistant applies countertraction to the posterior part of the leg.
Before admitting the hospital, 55% CSF cases were misdiagnosed with intrauterine pregnancy.
Knowlege and practices of the mothers on preventing Vitamin A and blood inadequacy: 100% of the mothers knew about Vitamin A capsule and 81.0% of the mother knew about ferro capsule.
Furthermore, an increased risk to those with posterior pituitary deficits and electrolyte abnormalities has been logically speculated and the need to stock reasonable supplies emphasized.
Background: Strongyloides stercoralis is a parasite that is prevalent in the tropical and subtropical regions of the world.
Forms of vitamin K are common therapy for osteoporosis in Japan and other countries.
Sex Transm Dis 46 (10): e93-e96, 2019. doi: 10.1097/OLQ.0000000000001013 Symptoms and Signs of Trichomoniasis In women, symptoms of trichomoniasis range from none to copious, yellow-green, frothy vaginal discharge with a fishy odor, and soreness of the vulva and perineum, dyspareunia, and dysuria.
Key Points In double outlet right ventricle (DORV), both the aorta and pulmonary valve connect to the right ventricle.
Women feel warm or hot and may perspire, sometimes profusely; core temperature increases.
Result: 143 patients were studied. Mean age is 42.85 + 12.91, female ratio is 90.21%.
Prevalence and chracteristic of metabolic syndrome in patients with coronary artery disease
Keywords: Atopic dermatitis, total IgE serum concentration, specific IgE serum concentration.
Red flags The following findings are of particular concern: Weight loss Neck mass Persistent sore throat Difficulty swallowing Interpretation of findings The main concern is to not mistake an oral cancer or dysplastic lesion for a benign disorder.
The gene consists of 15 exons encoding for mRNA of 8972 bp.
Clinical symptoms and gastroscopic aspects were significantly improved after therapy with both two regimens.
Conclusion: age and sex are not associated with recurrence (p>0.05), amount of ptosis and length of levator resection are of prediction value (p<0.05) but not important factors. Two final factors, i. e levator function and thickness of levator are significantly associated with (p<0.05) and are noted as the most direct factors affecting the recurrence of ptosis.
After surgery, radiation therapy is combined with on-site (75% of cases), systemic chemotherapy (58.3%) and endocrine therapy (79.2%).
Mucinous ovarian cystadenocarcinoma Ultrasound shows a very large multi-loculated cystic lesion in the region of the right adnex.
English summary: A cross sectional study was conducted in 951 preschool and 2425 primary school children in 6 kindergartens and 6 primary schools in Nghia Dan district between July and September 2013.
Evaluation of results of laparoscopic cholecystectomy after cholecystostomy for acute calculous cholecystitis
However, the EDM may lose its waveform with only a slight positional change and produce dampened, inaccurate readings.
The observed risk is highest in young males.
Cytologic diagnosis in ha noi k hospital
Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 210 elderly in Duc Linh district, Binh Thuan provice in May 2015.
CT is useful if MRI is contraindicated or unavailable.
Concomitant hormonal causes require targeted treatment—eg, topical estrogen for genitourinary syndrome of menopause or bromocriptine for hyperprolactinemia.
34.4% of females and 22% of males had acne before 12 years of age.
Streptococcal pharyngitis GABHS are the most common cause of acute-onset bacterial pharyngitis.
Results: There were 73 subjects in our study. Dilatation was successful in 91.8% of patients and unsuccessful in 1.4% of patients.
The tasks of the groups may be the same or each group receives a different task, which is a part of a common theme.
Surgical neck fracture usually happens in elder ages.
The causes of phobias are unknown.
Bone grafts utilizied are the mixture of fresh autografts and freeze-dried allografts.
Epinephrine also increases the likelihood of successful defibrillation.
Bone was the site most frequently metastased, followed by liver and lungs.
Diagnosis of Wilms Tumor Abdominal ultrasonography, CT, or MRI Abdominal ultrasonography with Doppler determines whether the mass is cystic or solid and whether the renal vein or vena cava is involved.
The mean functional Lysholm scores were significantly increase postoperatively.
Conclusion PCOS is a ubiquitous, frustrating, and life-altering disease.
Results: The surgical procedure was considered easy to perform and no post-surgery complication was reported.
Keywords: Valeriana hardwickii, Nữ lang, UHPLC-MS
The streptozyme test, which additionally measures antihyaluronidase, antideoxyribonuclease, and other titers detects 95% of recent streptococcal pharyngitis and 80% of skin infections.
The results of study showed that the prevalence of skin cancer increases with age, most frequently occurring at the age group 50 - 79 (57.41%).
Prescribers should regularly review drugs to determine whether doses might be decreased or if a drug could be stopped safely to reduce the number of drugs an older adult takes and to reduce the risk of drug interactions.
Be sure to reduce the foreskin after the procedure.
Some authors believe that: ligation of Glisson's pedicle as close to the liver parenchyma as possible to be resected and sutures must be performed to avoid slipping of Glisson's pedicle.
The role of hystopathology and cytology in diagnosing amniotic fluid embolism
Parenteral treatment Parenteral phosphate is usually given IV.
Although neuropathy is more common among children who have had diabetes for a long duration (≥ 5 years) and poor control (glycosylated hemoglobin [HbA1c] > 10%), it can happen in young children who have had diabetes for a short duration and good control.
The small sampling follow hamlet guidance in preventing this disease in Chau Thanh Suburb of Kien Giang Province in 2007, which is the main point in the south area in order to prevent the transfer of epidemic of Dengue Fever.
It is characterized by deep red, painful gingival tissue that bleeds easily.
Nutritional status of children hospitalized at national hospital of pediatrics
Diagnosis is usually clinical, but standard methods to detect chlamydia can be done when available.
This energy-dependent process may be blocked by metabolic inhibitors.
Results: There were no significant differences between two groups in sensory and motor onset time, sensory and motor duration time.
It was recognized that the problem is more severe in young infant < 6 months of age.
The average surgical time is 85.47±8.17 minutes.
If CSF does not contain lymphoma cells or Epstein-Barr virus DNA, guided-needle or open biopsy is required.
Ischemic diabetic wounds increase not only amputation but also the mortality rate.
Opioids are used therapeutically, primarily as analgesics.
Evaluate the effectiveness of bronchial artery embolizationin the treatment of severe or recurrent hemoptysisat nhan dan gia dinh hospital
An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) can detect antibody in serum, but confirmation requires a 4-fold change in antibody titer from acute to convalescent specimens.
CTLA4, PD1 and LAG3, immunosuppressive receptors located on the surface of T cells, are considered as a negative regulation of immune response.
Patients were diagnosed diabetes and hypertension belong to ADA with glucosemia ≥7 mmol / l.
Major consequences include premature death and morbidity caused by cardiovascular disease, lung and many other types of cancer, COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease), and other disorders.
No regimen is clearly more effective for prolonging life in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer, although some have been shown to delay disease progression.
It should also be considered in people who are discovered to have a short QT interval when ECG is done for other reasons.
Keywords: thrombocytopenia, immature platelet fraction (IPF)
Objectives: Duodenal atresia, a congenial anomaly, routinely has been corrected by laparotomy and duodenoduodenostomy.
The tympanic membrane should be examined for redness, perforation, and signs of middle ear fluid collection (eg, bulging, distortion).
Surgical outcomes of follicular thyroid cancer
However, the appropriate dose, duration, and type of glucocorticoid have not been clearly established.
Cognitive impairment develops later in life (eg, during the patient's 60s), and mood disturbances and behavioral abnormalities may develop after cognitive impairment.
Genotype GA increases the risk of lumbar spine osteoporosis by 1.99 times compared with GG genotype (95% CI: 1.31 - 3.06), the difference is statistically significant with p<0.005; Similarly, the A allele increases the risk of lumbar spine osteoporosis 1.63 times compared with the G allele (95% CI: 1.17 - 2.43) (p=0.005).
Dexamethasone 2 to 4 mg orally, IM, or IV every 6 hours is also highly effective for treating symptoms of AMS, and typically relieves symptoms more rapidly than acetazolamide.
However, treatment goals and approach are the same as those for PKU.
Results: Escherichia coli accounted for the highest rate with 64.8%, followed by Klebsiella pneumoniae with 30.2%.
There were 58.3% of seasonal form.
However, if hypersplenism is the only serious manifestation of the disorder (eg, Gaucher disease), splenic ablation by splenectomy or radiation therapy may be indicated.
Methods: The solubilities of C aromatica extract in 7 hydrophobic excipients and 3 hydrophilic solvents and excipients were estimated.
- Classification of lesions according to ACC / AHA: Type B1 and B2 account for 46.6% and 27.4%, respectively, and types A and C account for 8.9% and 38.4% - Average Gensini score 55.14 ± 36.52 points, lesion classification: low (< 23 points) 15.8%, medium (23 - 54 points) 45.8% and high (> 54 points) 38.4%.
Semi-structured questionnaires were administered to herbalists, herb sellers and traditional medical practitioners.
Objectives: To study clinical characteristics and treatment outcome of epistaxis in head and neck trauma. Methods: A prospective descriptive study of 71 cases of epistaxis managed at Hue Center Hospital and Hue Univesity Hospital from April 2015 to June 2016.
Compared MNV area with the procalcitolin of the groups (procalcitonin groups with 0.5 - 2, 2 - 10, > 10 and > 0.5), MNV distribution areas were 70%, 71%, 90% and 77% respectively.
In addition, the least impaired activity was continence with 2.8%.
Method: From April 2008 to January 2009, one diagnosis test study was performed in 1550 sexually active women aged 18 - 69, living in Ho Chi Minh City.
Additionally, eight criteria (1 common criterion and 7 specific ones in drug quality control) and 12 criteria (5 common criteria and 7 specific ones) were proposed to adjust and supplement, respectively.
Therefore, it is suggested to use water for extraction of the iridoid active compounds with high biological activity from Di huang root which contained catalpol, an iridoic glycoside dominating in Di huang root.
Keyword: Breastfeeding, children aged 0 - 23 months, bottle-fed, continued breastfeeding.
The mean time in which nurses spent on using NIPS to evaluate pain level in neonates was 1.6 minutes.
Electrochemical detection of Sudan based on Ni/Graphene modified screen- printed carbon electrode
In such cases, specific analgesics are not needed.
However, they should be discouraged from bearing down until the cervix is fully dilated so that they do not tear the cervix or waste energy.
The influenza vaccine should be given annually to everyone aged ≥ 6 months who does not have a contraindication.
Background: Masked uncontrolled hypertension (MUCH) by 24-hour blood pressure monitoring is considered to be associated with end-organ damage than patients with sustained hypertension.
HLA matching in pediatric kidney transplantation
Treatment Treatment of cause when possible (eg, topical estrogen for atrophic vaginitis) Education about chronic pain and its effects on sexuality Psychologic therapies Pelvic floor physical therapy Progressive desensitization Management of genitopelvic pain / penetration disorder frequently includes the following: Encouraging and teaching the couple to develop satisfying forms of nonpenetrative sex Discussing psychologic issues contributing to and caused by the chronic pain When possible, treating the primarily physical abnormality that contributes to pain (eg, endometriosis, lichen sclerosus, vulvar dystrophies, vaginal infections, congenital malformations, radiation fibrosis) Treating coexisting pelvic muscle hypertonicity Treating comorbid sexual interest / arousal disorder Topical estrogen is helpful for genitourinary syndrome of menopause, atrophic vaginitis, and recurrent posterior fourchette tearing.
The application of Vietnamese sentence test on presbycusis has given the advantages of the sentence test in evaluating the hearing and understanding ability in communication and propose the use of sentence test in evaluating the effectiveness of hearing aid.
Pearls & Pitfalls Nasogastric tube passage in a patient with varices has not been shown to trigger bleeding.
Conclusion: Automated fluid cell count method can be employed in routine testing practice to support manual counting method, but can not completely replace the latter.
Evaluate the efficacy and safety of the combination of caudal blockade by association of levobupivacaine with morphine and general anesthesia for children with congenital heart disease undergoing cardiac surgical repair
Postoperative 24-month, 92.6% were satisfied with the outcomes of operation, 7.4% were not really satisfied due to the compensatory sweating and extra-dry feet.
Keywords: Ankylosing spondylitis, TNF alpha inhibitor golimumab.
A prospective study of 73 myocardial infarction patients & 6 - month following - up showed no difference of QT dispersion in ventricular arrhythmia group versus non - ventricular arrhythmia group, no correlation between QT dispersion & ventricular arrhythmia with time, position, systolic function of myocardial infarction.
The hypoglycemic effect early expressed in the order: 250 mg / kg > 500 mg / kg > 1000 mg / kg; in which that of the dose at 250 mg / kg was similar to that of 5 mg / kg glibenclamide.
Other tissues HIV also infects nonlymphoid monocytic cells (eg, dendritic cells in the skin, macrophages, brain microglia) and cells of the brain, genital tract, heart, and kidneys, causing disease in the corresponding organ systems.
Such patients often go to great lengths to avoid these agents by changing residence and employment, avoiding foods containing "chemicals," sometimes wearing masks in public, or avoiding public settings altogether.
Conclusions: Our case experience suggests that single incision laparoscopic surgery could be safe and effective in diagnosis and treatment of gall bladder diverticulum in children.
Pain that radiates from the low back to the heel may be an S1 radiculopathy due to an L5 disk herniation.
Results: There were 313 HCC patients with the mean age of 55.
However, many people have not paid enough attention to the PMC.
There was a trend of instant milk and dairy products intake when the child growing up.
Anthropometric evaluation of the nutritional status in adults living in Hanoi
Do serum and urine protein electrophoresis followed by immunofixation, quantitative immunoglobulins, and measurement of serum free light chains.
Chair rises with weight vests or weights attached to the waist (waist belts) are an alternative.
Side effects were mostly mild and do not affect the treatment discontinuations. Keywords: antiepileptic drugs, child neurology, epilepsy, treatment, neuropharmacology.
2 symptoms improved after septum surgery combined cut outside concha bullosa.
The subjects' understanding about infrastructure and utensil increased with a statistical significance.
Results: CKTV drug group has a higher proportion in reducing non-productive and productive drug, sore throat than placebo drug group.
Results: The latent tree model was established with the highest Bayes information criterion. This model revealed 42 symptomatic and 4 syndromes in hemorrhoid patients. include: wind injuring intestine collaterals, damp-heat pouring downward, spleen qi deficiency, qi stagnation and blood stasis.
Antibiotic rotation only had effectiveness on Klebsiella spp.
Indications for surgery included unsuccessful air enema reduction (85.4%), shock (5.5%), multiple recurrent intussusceptions (6.4%).
The relatively empty, small-caliber colon is called a microcolon and is secondary to disuse.
Therapy is changed to oral itraconazole once patients improve; dosage is 200 mg 3 times a day for 3 days, then 200 mg 2 times a day for ≥ 12 months.
Key Points Mites that bite include chiggers (too small to see) and occasionally mites that are ectoparasites of birds, rodents, or pets and mites that contaminate plant materials or stored food or feed.
Results: Thirty-two neonates were diagnosed and treated for dengue during the study period.
71 patients diagnosed with chronic hepatitis C were treated with Peginterferon alpha 2a 180mcrg / week and Ribavirin 1200mg / day for a total of 48 weeks.
Mean hospital stay was 1.2 days.
Unknown jaundice was found in almost all cases.
In less severe cases, one of the following may be given: Doxycycline 100 mg orally every 12 hours for 5 to 7 days Ampicillin 500 to 750 mg orally every 6 hours for 5 to 7 days Amoxicillin 500 mg orally every 6 hours for 5 to 7 days Patient isolation is not required, but urine must be handled and disposed of carefully.
THE OUTCOME OF NOSOCOMICAL SEPTICEMIA CAUSED BY CANDIDA ALBICANS VERSUS CANDIDA NON - ALBICANS SURGICAL INTENSIVE CARE PATIENTS Objective: Analyse the outcome of nosocomical septicemia caused by Candida albicans (CA) and Candida Non-albicans (CNA) in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit (SICU), National Hospital of Pediatrics (NHP).
HER2 overexpressions were different between differentiation degrees: 30% of well-differentiated tumors, 35.7% moderately-differentiated tumors, and 10.4% of poorly-differentiated tumors (p = 0.037).
Keywords: ESWL, kidney stone, treatment of kidney stone.
The mortality status of the neonates born at other maternities compared to that at tudu hospital in 2003
Cases with other associated diseases were excluded.
The posterior incision is often chosen by surgeons, while the current literature has very few articles related to revision total hip arthroplasty using anterior incision.
These local data may help clinicians choose more appropriate initial antibiotics in order to improve the outcome and to decrease the emergence of resistant organisms.
Goodwin (1951) proposed limiting surgery time to less than an hour.
Later, it resembles many forms of bacterial, viral, and mycoplasmal and other atypical pneumonias.
RESULTS OF CEMENTLESS TOTAL HIP ARTHROPLASTY IN PATIENTS WITH ANKYLOSING SPONDYLITIS Background: Ankylosing spondylitis is characterized by progressive joint erosion and the incidence of hip involvement in ankylosing spondylitis is hight.
Relationship of LVD on Gated-SPECT and some clinical characteristics, echocardiography in patients after MI 4.2.1.
In the magnetically stable magnetic field, the radio frequency will vary according to the purpose of the survey, the target group of the various organs (parenchyma, muscle, fat, water, blood vessels, etc).
Result: The study of 145 female patients, age at maturity at Can Tho Hospital of Dermato - venereology from 4/2013 - 12/2013: Common skin lesions are whitehead (open comedons) (53, 4%), blackhead (closed comedons) (44, 8%).
Warnings and Common Errors Because these injuries often result from punching, make sure to check for a laceration over the MCP joint, which could be caused by striking a tooth ("fight bite" wound) and will require additional intervention, including more urgent orthopedic consultation and precautions against wound infection.
The rate of CR after transplantation increased compared to post-transplantation (83.9% to 48.4%).
The process can be immune mediated or nonimmune mediated.
Although > 30 species of Paragonimus exist and 10 have been reported to infect humans, P westermani is the most frequent cause of disease.
Conclusions: The result of the study we found that the proportion of mothers with appropriate knowledge about breastfeeding benefits is 80.39%.
Aortofemoral bypass: 8/10 cases, aortoiliac bypass: 2/10, 1 RA reconstruction, 1 SMA reconstruction.
Eosinophilic meningitis due to angiostrongylus cantonensis at hospital for tropical diseases from 2002 to 2005
Investigating the characteristics of gastrointestinal symptoms, the relationship between these symptoms and delayed gastric emptying diagnosed by gastric emptying scintigraphy in Parkinson's patients.
Clinical features of patients with septicemia in intensive care unit at choray hospital
Key Points Poor sleep hygiene and situational disruptors (eg, shift work, emotional stressors) are common causes of insomnia.
Their characteristics are: average age is 64.8, female 35.3%, dyslipidemias 13.97%, diabetis mellitus 22.79%, obesity 31.62% and hypertension 70.59%.
Introduction: MUTYH-associated polyposis (MAP) is caused by biallelic germline mutations of the MUTYH gene.
Oral health care knowledge, attitudes, and practices of An Hoa secondary school students, Binh Dinh, 2019
In Ea'Hiao Commune, Ea H'leo District, Dak Lak Province in May has the highest flea index is 16% and at May with the lowest abundance index is 07%.
Glycerol kinase deficiency is X-linked; many patients with this deficiency also have a chromosomal deletion that extends beyond the glycerol kinase gene into the contiguous gene region, which contains the genes for congenital adrenal hypoplasia and Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Beginning with menopause, bone loss accelerates in women to about 3 to 5% a year for about 5 to 7 years and then the rate of loss decelerates.
Purpose: The parotid tumors is the most common salivary tuomors.
AVMs may rupture into the spinal cord parenchyma, causing sudden, severe back pain and sudden segmental neurologic deficits.
The main symptoms of AOM are fever and otalgia, accompanied by some co-symptoms such as cough, excessive crying, and digestive disorders.
The data collected included demographical, clinical and laboratory features, treatment, response to therapy and outcome at 1 year, 3 year, 5 year and at last follow-up.
In another longitudinal study of nurses working in two Canadian hospitals, Hacket Bycio and Guion (1989) examined the reasons why nurses took absence from work.
The first choice of antibiotics was ceftazidim and vancomycin.
Students perceived COVID-19 pandemic was more severity than SARS and Seasonal Flu (4.17 ± 0.69) but low risk of susceptibility (2.08 ± 1.08).
Acute myocardial infarction is a potentially life-threatening disease that is common in the elderly.
Etiology of Neck and Back Pain Most neck and back pain is caused by disorders of spinal structures.
In group I, the anterior division has 4 branching patterns: difurcating (47.37%), trifurcating (26.32%), quadfurcating (10.53%) and main-axis form (15.79%); the posterior division has 2 branching patterns: main-axis form (78.95%) and bifurcating (21.05%).
Pathophysiology of Asthma Asthma involves Bronchoconstriction Airway edema and inflammation Airway hyperreactivity Airway remodeling In patients with asthma, TH2 cells and other cell types—notably, eosinophils and mast cells, but also other CD4+ subtypes and neutrophils—form an extensive inflammatory infiltrate in the airway epithelium and smooth muscle, leading to airway remodeling (ie, desquamation, subepithelial fibrosis, angiogenesis, smooth muscle hypertrophy).
Patients who may have a spinal injury should have the spine immobilized immediately; the neck is held straight manually (inline stabilization) during endotracheal intubation.
Remember that women who are on birth control pills usually won't form a corpus luteum, as birth control pills prevent ovulation.
Conclusion: Actually, this method is a safe and effective treatment.
ERCP was firstly applied at Binh Dan Hospital in 1993, and has treated many biliary pancreatic diseases.
The ischemic heart disease due to coronary artery stenosis is a difficult problem in diagnosis and surgical treatment.
If live-virus vaccines (varicella and MMR) are not given at the same time, they should be given ≥ 4 weeks apart.
We report the first case of solitary cyst of the right hepatic duct treated by laparoscopic surgery.
We conducted this study on 3000 times of hemodialysis.
Evaluate the effectiveness of treatment for non-Hodgkin lymphoma of Waldeyer’s ring at Cho Ray hospital
Internal maxillary artery aneurysm (23 cases) and ethmoidal artery injury (2 cases).
This entry is considered "The Future of Cardiovascular Intervention".
Diagnosis VAP is based on the records.
Side effects nausea, vomiting is 3%; shivering is 5%.
They may prepare elaborate meals for other people.
Comparison of two topical anesthetics on pain experienced during intraoral injectionwith an alternative technique in children: a randomized double-blinde clinical trial
Keywords: Infected hydronephrosis, Urosepsis, Septic shock
Aim: The aim of this study is to determine the prevalence rate of hepatitis level and the correlation with a group of patients with hepatitis B-related HCC and that of hepatitis C-related HCC.
Evaluate the result of treatment first-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors in EGFR positive adenocarcinoma of lung with brain metastases and describe some factors related to PFS.
Oral acitretin (a retinoid) or methotrexate is an option when a patient is resistant to topical treatment.
When possible, the child should be admitted to an ICU and treated by a physician experienced in managing severe hypertension in children.
Reduced absorption Malabsorption can deprive the body of dietary vitamin D; only a small amount of 25 (OH) D is recirculated enterohepatically.
Male - to - female ratio is 1.7: 1.
It may progress to pulmonary embolism.
As the patient breathes in, opening the vocal cords, the tube is promptly passed into the trachea.
The CDC advises that people who've had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in the COVID-19 vaccine to not get inoculated.
The mechanism of this effect probably involves alterations in cerebral drug receptors.
Women with essential thrombocythemia are thought to have a higher incidence of fetal loss in the first trimester.
Results: in the preoperative work implementation, most of the operations were well followed by the health worker, the worst compliance action was to check the preoperative preparation form with the non-compliance rate of 17.5%.
For corns and calluses on the ball of the foot, an orthotic should not be full length but should extend only to the ball or part of the shoe immediately behind the corn or callus.
Adjusting to new eating habits can be difficult.
Initial study some factors related to outcome in treatment the patients diagnosed multiple myeloma
As a general rule, the lower the grade of the tumor, the less intensive the therapy and the better the outcome.
Keywords: Allergic Bronchopulmonary Aspergillosis, eosinophilic lung disease, Aspergillus
Keywords: Diabetes insipidus, triphasic response, Desmopressin (Minirin), syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion (SIADH), cerebral salt wasting (CSW).
Characteristics about with or without mesenteric fat infiltration is similar, but the number of cases of present organ invasion is twice as many as the absent organ invasion (67.7% compared with 32.3%).
The water extract did not have this effect.
Diagnose by magnetic resonance angiography or sometimes CT or conventional angiography.
The primary outcome was the rate of pregnancies prolonged  48 hours.
Symptoms and Signs of Limb-Girdle Dystrophy Patients typically present with slowly progressive, symmetric, proximal muscle weakness with or without facial involvement and diminished or absent tendon reflexes.
The mortality rate was 15% in which 76% had PAH, 96% had pneumohia and 56% had extracardiac deformities.
In the normal situation, uterus and colon can be easily be pushed aside.
Patients and Methods: Cross-sectional study was carried out on 72 patients diagnosed with AS, according to the modified New York criteria (1984), and treated at Cho Ray Hospital during the period from 1/2012 to 8/2013.
In the United States in 2020, the rate of SUID was 92.9 deaths per 100, 000 live births; SIDS was the most common type, with a rate of 38.4 deaths per 100, 000 live births (1).
Nutritional status of children aged 3 - 5 years old in some communes in Quynh Phu district, Thai Binh province in 2016.
It causes spastic weakness of both legs.
Characteristics of arrhythmias postop * Supraventricular arrhythmias: The results of Table 3.12 show that the rate of atrial extrasystoles at 7 days postop was 87.30%, 94.10% at 3 months and 83.30% after 6 months.
Materials and Methods: A case-series study of 63 patients' age from 2 months to 15 years hospitalized with pneumonia and death in repiratory deparment or death after transfering to other deparments of the Children's Hopital no 1 from 1/2009 to 1/2010.
Subepithelial fluid-filled bullae form, leading to decreased visual acuity, loss of contrast, glare, and photophobia.
Keywords: Melioidosis, Whitmore, Burkholderia pseudomallei, septicemia, severe pneumonia.
Treatment of Hereditary Neuropathies Supportive care Bracing helps correct footdrop; orthopedic surgery to stabilize the foot may help.
All of 5 cases had good results in which 3 severe cases respond quickly after Sodium Thiosulfate was perfused about from 30 to 60 minutes
Rare complications of neuraxial anesthesia
One patient died of brain abscess. Conclusion: Eye trauma due to foreign body is diversified and complicated.
Removed tissue weight is 11.5 kg.
Conclusions: From this study, we have some experiences: 9 month would be at least time to appreciate the child / s action with the hearing aid.
Treatment includes splinting, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), sometimes corticosteroid injections, and treatment of the underlying cause.
High risks of refractive error in childrens: center area (OR= 1.8; 95% Confidence Interval: 1.0 - 3.3) and game entertainment over 2 hours per day (OR= 3.5; 95% Confidence Interval: 1.2 - 10.4).
PCR assay can be done on blood or any body tissue and can be positive as early as 10 days after inoculation.
The objective is to investigate the efficacy of laparoscopic surgery to lower the no palpable cryptorchidism.
Combination of daily interventions for schools, families and pupils, especially the physical activity with specific quantitative assessments, pre - and post-intervention comparisons, post-intervention results revealed improvement in the situation of dyslipidemia, hyperglycemia, BMI decreased, the effectiveness of interventions for the children with overweight and obesity was 7.3% (for obese group only was 19.2%), the research results of the thesis are very valuable for community interventions and treatment of pediatric patients with severe overweight and obesity thereafter.
These conditions can be used to obtain the best nutritional value and to achieve the highest hydrolysis yield.
Dietary interventions, including some vitamin supplements and a gluten-free and casein-free diet, are not helpful enough to be recommended; however, many families choose to use them, leading to the need to monitor for dietary insufficiencies and excesses.
As a component of school nutrition project, the school meal project was initially implemented in 2011 - 2012, focusing on building the standardized menus for primary school students in HCMC that met recommended nutrition requirements and were feasible.
Other prognostic factors and in-hospital outcomes were collected by questionnaire.
2, 3 However, the moment COVID‐19‐positive patients, with pre‐existent diabetes, are hospitalized, their clinical course is often more complicated with a subsequently higher morbidity and mortality rate.
NDI is characterized by inability to concentrate urine in response to vasopressin.
Primary hypothyroidism is easily ruled out by absence of elevated TSH.
Rectovaginal endometriosis, the most severe form of the disease, can be treated with the usual treatments for endometriosis; however, colon resection or surgery may be required to prevent obstruction of the colon.
Objective: To describe the characteristics of invasive ventilator patients at A9 Emergency Department, Bach Mai Hospital.
Prognosis varies depending on response to therapy.
Common causes include appendicitis, ruptured ectopic pregnancy, and, less often, ruptured ovarian cyst.
With imaging principles related to perfusion - myocardial metabolism under the influence of stress, MPI allows differentiation of normal myocardium from ischemic damage, myocardial scarring.
Conclusion: The 10th intercostals extraperitoneal incision in the treatment of renal tumor shows its viability, reduces the operation time and the hospital stay as well.
Conclusions: The lesions with higher PI-RDAS classification have higher rate of cancer (Cramer 0.79, p=0.0001).
Nail-patella syndrome causes triangular lunulae and partially absent thumb nails.
Results: Most patients had high intima media thickness (IMT) (77.42%), and all of them suffered from hypertension concomitant, with the rate of atherosclerotic plaque accounted for 35.48%.
Keyword: Complimentary feeding practice, trial of improved practice (TIP), vegetable, iron rich food.
The rate of cervical lymph node metastasis in the group with tumor size from 0.5 to 1 cm and the group with tumor size < 0.5 cm was not statistically significant with p = 0.283.
2 3 - Evaluate the results of preventive interventions by health education and using pectin for children with blood lead levels ≥ 10 µg / dl in two study site.
Keywords: CPAP, nasal lesion, artificial leather patches, lubricating oil, monitoring by nurse, nasal massage.
Successful management of conjoined twins relies on close communication and cooperation of multidisciplinary team, detailed preoperative assessment, surgical procedure, anesthesia management and postoperative care.
There are no specific diagnostic tests.
The other major stimulus is volume depletion, which is sensed by baroreceptors in the left atrium, pulmonary veins, carotid sinus, and aortic arch, and then transmitted to the central nervous system through the vagus and glossopharyngeal nerves.
Results: The total number of patients studied in study were 40.
Ceaco-rectal fistula with ectopic pancreatic tissue: case report
Case report: A patient 61 year old women with long - standing, resistant and symptomatic unilateral chyluria.
Materials and method: A descriptive and interventional study was conducted on 65 patients treated with rotary protaper and recall after 6 months.
Palliative Care and Hospice Palliative care Palliative care aims to improve quality of life by helping relieve bothersome physical symptoms and psychosocial and spiritual distress.
Manifestations fluctuate in intensity over minutes to hours to days.
Acute heart failure (AHF) represents the leading cause of hospitalization for people over 65 years of age along with the high rate of mortality and readmission and is the main determinant (approximately 70%) of the huge healthcare expenditure related to heart failure.
Neonatal hypertension is a rare condition with nonspecifc symptoms and could be misdiagnosed in this stage of life, which leads to target organ damage and detrimental effects on children's development.
Differential diagnosis of rosacea includes acne vulgaris, systemic lupus erythematosus, sarcoidosis, photodermatitis, drug eruptions (particularly caused by iodides and bromides), granulomas of the skin, and perioral dermatitis.
Benign nodules tend to have a smooth, regular.
Results: 33 cases of liver resection due to hepatolithiasis, mean age was 54.2 ± 13.2, 75.6% female, Child-Pugh score (A 97%, B 3%).
Before starting to exercise, the patient had a 6-minute walk of 341 meters and after 30 days of exercise they reach 462 minutes.
Mean operating time and mean length of post-op stay was 53.7 minutes and 25.7 hours respectively in group 1.
Diagnosis usually requires echocardiography or radionuclide imaging, and sometimes right heart catheterization.
Risk factors include primary sclerosing cholangitis, older age, infestation with liver flukes, and a choledochal cyst.
These patients have headaches ≥ 15 days / month.
In addition, D-ISH assays are easy to use because they require only a standard bright-field microscope and stained samples do not decay over time, that we can be stored at room temperature.
These x-rays are best for detecting metallic foreign objects and steak bones as well as for detecting signs of perforation (eg, free air in the mediastinum or peritoneum).
Factors associated with surgical site infections were age group, comorbidities, diabetes, ASA, surgical form and length of hospital stay.
Effect of anesthesial acupuncture of hoa da - giap tich points on cancer pain
Lack of patient adherence Drug effectiveness is often compromised by lack of patient adherence among the ambulatory older adults.
There was a statistically significant difference between two kinds of grafts in intimal thickening (ITAs: mean 65.59 ± 180.9 µm, RGEAs: mean 167.89± 303.58 µm), p< 0.024.
Key Words: hemorrhoid disease, transanal hemorrhoidal dearterialisation (THD)
Closure, normally achieved by the sphincteric action of the soft palate and the superior constrictor muscle, is impaired in patients with cleft palate, repaired cleft palate, congenitally short palate, submucous cleft palate, palatal paralysis, and, sometimes, enlarged tonsils.
It is more effective on UFH than on LMWH because protamine only partially neutralizes LMWH inactivation of factor Xa.
In comparison, the national oral and dental healthcare investigation 2011 has a DMFT index of 6 - 8 years-old, 0.48, lower than that of our research.
Lower doses are given for maintenance thereafter (see table Immunosuppressants Used to Treat Transplant Rejection).
Therefore, communication needs to be adjusted and intervention needs to be oriented to suit each group of residents.
Variable resistance to passive manipulation of the extremities (gegenhalten) sometimes occurs with aging.
Conclusion: Surgical treatment for IPs in sinonasal cavity by endoscopic sinus surgery, the average of blood loss during surgery was about 80ml, staying in hospital after surgery in 4 days, and there was no scar in their face.
Psoriasis patients with metabolic syndrome have a higher blood sugar, total cholesterol, triglyceride and LDL than non-psoriasis patients with metabolic syndrome.
In this article, we will review the embolization of the most common head and neck tumors, and also discuss the procedural and perioperative management including postoperative complications, with the goal of providing a comprehensive overview of the issues to management of the tumor embolization patient.
Typically, 50 to 100 mL per centimeter of wound length is used, but for relatively clean wounds, 30 to 50 mL per centimeter is usually adequate.
Clinical features andrelated factors - Reception - Screening for inclusion criteria - Taking inform consents with asignments - Fullfilling medical records covering history, signs, blood tests - Extracting necessary data.
Hand replantation is a complicated technique and common practice on emergency.
62 samples in cemetery area of ward 16, Go Vap district, the rate of samples reached the Standard was 6.45%.
Medical expenses covered by health insurance 91.2%.
Incidence of the benign form is 1/23, 000 births in Japan; no incidence data are available for the more severe form.
Factor Xa inhibitors Rivaroxaban and apixaban can be started as monotherapy immediately upon diagnosis or used in transition from an injectable heparin at any time without overlap.
Conclusion: In this study, Ohmann scale had the highest sensitivity (95.56%), however modified Avalrado was most accuracy with AUROC= 0.905.
Diagnosis is clinical but sometimes requires imaging tests.
Conclusions: Use of calcium hydroxide placed in the canal between appointments is effective treatment of high success, especially with necrotic pulp teeth.
It may take several weeks for the wound to heal and the edema to resolve.
A research by Tran Van Huy (2003) recorded that patients with HCC have on average value of AST = 102 43 U / L and ALT = 79 32 U/L.
Subjects and methods: retrospective and longitudinal study, based on outpatient prescriptions at Can Tho City General Hospital from 06/2019 - 12/2019.
We should conduct some epidemiological studies to identify the risk factors of this infection.
Objectives: define value of non-contrast CT scan in acute right lower quadrant abdominal pain diagnosis.
We report a case that was successfully treated at Department of Urology, Vietduc Hospital.
Intervention studies need to be explored.
Method: This study is carried out 142 bacterial strains isoslated in 2010 - 2011 from sputum specimens collected from patients admitted to Nguyen Tri Phuong hospital with acute exacerbation of COPD.
Keywords: knowledge, combined contraceptive, emergency contraception, pills
Therefore, the thesis was carried out with the objective: Developing and validating a method for quantifying amlodipine in human plasma by capillary electrophoresis.
Despite widespread use of IVC filters, efficacy in preventing PE is understudied and unproved.
Conclusion: Aortic elasticity in the primary hypertensives decreases, which has repercussions on left ventricular mass, so it is a predictor of cardiovascular risk factors.
Aim: To evaluate the result of laparoscopic adhesiolysis for post-operative small bowel obstruction.
Study On Antibacterial Activity Of Thuoc Thuong Leaf Extracts (Phaeanthus Vietnamensis Ban)
Material and Methods: students in grade 5 from Thai Hoc primary school in Binh Giang district, Hai Duong city; Descriptive cross-sectional study.
Results: Median serum IL-13 level in severe AD patients was significantly higher than that of the control group (p=0.0107).
Describe the reality of the mothers caring for children under 5 with pneumonia being treated at the Nam Dinh children's hospital in 2021.
Diagnosis is similar to that of tick-borne encephalitis, with serologic tests to detect Powassan virus-specific IgM antibody in serum or cerebrospinal fluid and confirmed by neutralizing antibody testing of acute - and convalescent-phase serum specimens at a state public health laboratory or the CDC.
There correlation with statistical significance between CT and sex index p = 0.003, correlation between gender and age group with TG index p <0.005.
From January 2018 to december 2018, 475 patients were hospitalized due to acute heart failure or decompensation, 63, 8% male and 36, 2% female.
There are 3 cases combined rectogenital prolapse.
This tendency (and resultant wound stress) is readily observed in the fresh wound; gaping edges indicate perpendicular tension, and relatively well approximated edges indicate parallel forces.
The therapeutic effect of PEX in patients with acute pancreatitis due to hypertriglyceridemia.
Background and objectives: The genus Homalomena belongings to the Araceae family.
Hypernatremia is always accompanied by hypertonicity, so hypernatremia causes water to be pulled out from the brain cells, leading to brain cell atrophy.
There was significantly positive association between TNF-α and NYHA severity (rh0=0.29, p=0.002).
Keywords: antibiotic, bioequivalence, Ceftrimaz, Rocephin, ceftriaxone
Areas of chorioretinal atrophy (referred to as geographic atrophy) occur in more advanced cases of dry AMD.
Because of the thickness of this flap and its inability to withstand the stress forces of ambulation, most authors have now abandoned it.
Results: The proposed method uses a Water C18 column (250 mm x 4.6 mm x; 5µm), PDA detector (350nm) using a gradient with methanol/0.1% formic acid (45: 55) as mobile phase.
Background: In this prospective study, we assessed the performance of the Genotype MTBDRplus assay for the simultaneous identification of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex (MTBC) and its ability for rapid detection of resistance to Isoniazid and Rifampin in sputum samples, compared to serveral weeks to months with conventional methods.
Nowadays, liver resection remains the only treatment that provides consistent disease-free survival.
It is a rare disorder in developed nations probably because of better obstetric care.
Besides dose and substance, the route of exposure is a major factor in the clinical manifestations of an MCW event.
Venous flaps, a new material for reconstruction of finger soft tissue defects
There were correlation between hypoalbuminemia and biomarkers reflecting organ impairment by time such as coagulopathy, respiratory failure, hepatic injuries, renal injuries, poor tissue perfusion.
Develop communication programs on asthma education for the community, focusing on the target population is rural, low level, economic conditions difficult.
Necrosis within the tuft or involving the crescent may occur and may be the most prominent abnormality.
In chronic ischemic heart disease group, there was a positive correlation between hs-CRP concentration and total Cholesterol (r=0.115, p<0.001), LDL-Cholesterol (r=0.012, p<0.05), and the degrees of corronary artery's narrowing (r=0.056, p<0.05). Conclusion: hs-CRP, with other factors, had validity of prediction, diagnosis, prognosis and follow up treatment of cardiovascular diseases.
The Kocher technique, which forcefully leverages the humerus, also has a high risk of complications and should not be done.
The amount of leukocytes increased: 36.4%, positive CRP accounted for 50.6%, calcium decreased: 94.9% and leukocytes in excrement were dense: 28.6%.
Keywords: asthma, COPD, inhaler, inhaler technique
The clinical manifestations of SS result from loss of one or more pituitary hormones. Presentation can be acute or chronic depending on degree of pituitary necrosis.
Overview of Minimal Change Disease VIDEO Symptoms and Signs of Minimal Change Disease Minimal change disease causes nephrotic syndrome, usually without hypertension or azotemia; microscopic hematuria occurs in about 20% of patients, mainly adults.
Male infertilty patients having total sperm count < 39 millions and progressive motility < 32% were included in the study.
In 1963, Ton That Tung improved the technique based on the principle of searching and shortening the vessels in the liver parenchyma thanks to the clear understanding of the release of vascular fluid such as liver tissue.
Bone cement implantation syndrome: a case report
Mitral stenosis is especially dangerous; the tachycardia, increased blood volume, and increased cardiac output during pregnancy interact with this disorder to rapidly increase pulmonary capillary pressure, causing pulmonary edema.
Qualification: The control cell specimen 3T3 proliferates evenly and sticks on the surface of the well with the typical morphologies of fibroblasts as being long and having polygon shape.
Both usually affect one joint, most often the knee and second most often the hip, and can cause pain and effusion.
The effectiveness of the intervention is good for both the knowledge and practice of treatment adherence.
History suspected of choking on Sapote nut while eating (>15 years) with transient infiltrative syndrome, later presenting with recurrent lower respiratory tract infections.
It may arise in any bone.
Clinical, paraclinical characteristics and the factors related to glomerulonephritis complications in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients
Diagnosis of HCC is based on histopathological criteria or combination of imaging studies and serum of alpha fetoprotein level. Results: There were 30 patients identified as primary HCC, 93.3% were male.
Because the number of patients using MN in the facial paralysistreatment is not large enough, some results are not statistically significant, so it is necessary to study on a larger number to reach higher accuracy.
Claims People most often take cranberries to help prevent and relieve the symptoms of urinary tract infections (UTIs).
In circuit training, the large muscles (of the legs, hips, back, and chest) are exercised followed by the smaller muscles (of the shoulders, arms, abdomen, and neck).
Spironolactone is ineffective.
On the other side, this study also reported that the contents of Arsenic in all materials weren't over the permissible levels of 500 µg / L established by QCVN 8 - 2: 2011/BYT.
Identifying the risk factors relevant to Covid-19 clinical features, given the striking difference in the clinical symptoms observed from SARS-CoV-2 infected individuals, have become one of the primary concerns among scientists.
Beside complications of myocardial infarction, the possibility of permanent brain damage and multiple organ failure causes a very high mortality rate and many late sequelae.
Results: Through the study of 530 dengue patients in the Central Hospital of Tien Giang from 1/1/2017 to 31/12/2017, We obtained the following results: epidemiological characteristics; The age of patients at about age from 5 - 10 (36.8%).
Dr Nguyen Xuan Hiep 2.
[8] Grave disease involves TRAbs that bind the TSH receptor and impact the production of thyroid hormones.
Surgery is indicated only for cauda equina syndrome or for unequivocal disk herniation plus one of the following: Muscular weakness that is worsening or not resolving Other progressive neurologic deficits Intolerable, intractable pain that interferes with job or personal functions in an emotionally stable patient and that has not lessened after 6 weeks of conservative treatment Classic diskectomy with limited laminotomy for intervertebral disk herniation is the standard procedure.
Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD or ARMD) (Senile Macular Degeneration) By Sonia Mehta, MD, Vitreoretinal Diseases and Surgery Service, Wills Eye Hospital, Sidney Kimmel Medical College at Thomas Jefferson University Reviewed / Revised Apr 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Etiology Pathophysiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Normal Retina Age-Related Macular Degeneration... Age-Related Macular Degeneration... Age-Related Macular Degeneration... Age-Related Macular Degeneration... Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is the most common cause of irreversible central vision loss in older patients.
The laboratory showed leukocytes: 25 G / L & 51 G / L and CRP: 103 mg / L & 373 mg/L.
The rate of anemia patients is 30%, the rate of malnutrition according to Albumin is 78%.
The average duration of treatment in intensive care units was 7.9 days and in-hospital mortality was 43.3%.
Thousands of different types of micromolecules called micro-RNA probably control most of this activity through direct interaction with genes.
Other authors also showed that the SpO2 tended to decrease during LFA, but there was not any patient with hypoxemia.
The establishment of diagnosis is usually late with anemia as a clinical symptom, and through blood test, hemoglobin electrophoresis. However, due to the development of biotechnology science, prenatal diagnosis to carrier screening based on autosomal recessive shows the promise in Thalassemia diagnosis and treatment.
9 pairs of primers were designed by specialized softwares and PCR reaction was optimized to amplify 16 exons of MUTYH gene.
There are ten children in the severe-critical group, 30% received IVIG, and 10% received antiviral drugs.
Background: Effective treatment of type 2 diabetes requires a combination between of diet, exercise and medication use.
So this study is to appraise the efficacy and safety of the combination of fluoxetine-olanzapine in patients with depression at outpatient clinic in Ho Chi Minh City Mental Hospital from 20/09/2009 to 20/10/2010. Subjects and Methods: a prospective, open and non-comparative study design, in 43 patients diagnosed with major depressive disorder according to DSM-IV-TR criteria, treated with fluoxetine combination of olanzapine at outpatient clinic of Ho Chi Minh City Mental Hospital. Using HAM-D 17 scale to monitor treatment responses, side effects of the combination in the 4-week treatment period.
Keywords: HPLC, kaempferol, Flos Carthami tinctorii, Carthamus tinctorius, extract
Patients presenting as Rai stage 0 to II may survive for 5 to 20 years without treatment.
Keywords: Epyema, video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery.
Residual leukemia is defined variably as bone marrow blasts > 10% with bone marrow cellularity > 20%.
Narrow stenosis due to endothelial hyperplasia in the heart.
The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (Fifth Edition [DSM-5]) includes the following types of female sexual dysfunction, classified based on symptoms: Female orgasmic disorder Genitopelvic pain / penetration disorder Female sexual interest / arousal disorder Substance / medication-induced sexual dysfunction Other specified and unspecified sexual dysfunction Persistent genital arousal disorder is a separate, rare disorder not included in the DSM-5.
It can occur in classic, AIDS-associated, endemic (in Africa), and iatrogenic (eg, after organ transplantation) forms.
Cancer charities and scientists are calling for these diseases to be given a similar global priority to maternal mortality.
PAO2 is calculated as follows: where FIO2 is the fraction of inspired oxygen (eg, 0.21 at room air), Patm is the ambient barometric pressure (eg, 760 mm Hg at sea level), PH2O is the partial pressure of water vapor (eg, usually 47 mm Hg), PaCO2 is the measured partial pressure of arterial carbon dioxide, and R is the respiratory quotient, which is assumed to be 0.8 in a resting patient eating a normal diet.
Do other tests, including protein and glucose levels, oligoclonal bands (if needed) and microbiologic testing, from the 2nd tube and, if necessary from CSF that remains from the 1st and / or 3rd tube.
Results of CRT: blood, fluid of fang marks, urine.
Method: use random comparison method, is made ​​with the two techniques at the same time, with two different technicians.
Overall response rate was 88.9%.
Lack of progress may in part be attributed to the limited therapeutic options available for prevention and treatment of BPD. Several lung-protective strategies have been shown to reduce risks, including use of non-invasive support, as well as early extubation and volume ventilation when intubation is required.
Keywords: Hepatocellular Carcinoma, Liver Cancer, Laparoscopic Surgery, Laparoscopic Liver Resection, Laparoscopic Hepatectomy, Milde-term Results, Long-term Results.
Clinical and para-clinical data were collected, before and after treatment, by examination, face-to-face interview and from medical record.
Diagnosis of Transvestic Disorder Specific Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5) criteria Diagnosis of transvestic disorder requires the following: Patients have been repeatedly and intensely aroused by cross-dressing; arousal is expressed in fantasies, intense urges, or behaviors.
Key words: Allergenicity, milk protein, goat, alphaS1-Casein, CSN1S1gene
Purpose: To find some factors affecting to the local failure after resection of rectal carcinoma and to evaluate the impact of the post-operative radiotherapy.
Cutaneous meningiomas which arise from of arachnoid cells are rare tumors that occur on the scalp and occur in both congenital and acquired forms.
Meanwhile, in the T1 and T2 stages, the intraepithelial lymphocytes rate is higher in the T3 and T4 stages
Recently, there have been many studies on the relationship between satisfaction with service quality. However, the reciprocal relationship between satisfaction and loyalty has not been paid attendon.
The most frequent presenting symptoms were chest pain and persistent cough, 66.67% and 64.29%, respectively.
Poor sleep quality was defined as a PSQI score>5.
In 1993, Dr Laver and his colleagues published a survey of 289 Sydney people who attended eight alternative therapists practices in Sydney.
The percentage of Kras mutation at Gly12Asp, Gly13Asp were 43, 5% (10/23), 21, 7% (5/23) respectively.
Consequently, the efforts which is used for improving health mental as well as stress situation such as organizing outdoor activities or opening mental health counseling services must be carefully considered in order to provide the best foundation for these young generation..
- Plasma presepsin concentrat ion in the group <60 years and group ≥ 60 years of age did not differ significantly.
Begin with broad-spectrum antimicrobial therapy.
Breastfeeding is not contraindicated for mothers receiving therapy who are not infective.
Objective: to evaluate the care outcomes of stroke patients due to ischemic stroke after acute phase at Bach Mai Hospital in 2020 - 2021 and related factors.
Well-identified triggers include Injury (Koebner phenomenon) Sunburn HIV infection Beta-hemolytic streptococcal infection (leading to guttate psoriasis) Drugs (especially beta-blockers, chloroquine, lithium, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, indomethacin, terbinafine, and interferon-alfa) Emotional stress Alcohol consumption Tobacco smoking Obesity Symptoms and Signs of Psoriasis Lesions are either asymptomatic or pruritic and are most often localized on the scalp, extensor surfaces of the elbows and knees, sacrum, buttocks (commonly the gluteal cleft), and genitals.
Specimens are inoculated onto tissue cultures that support the suspected virus and inhibit all other microbes.
Death (all-cause) rate in the subgroups patient with Euroscore greater than or equal to 6 was 7.7%, not significant difference from Syntax trial (7.4%).
The proportion of patients with at least one trough concentration in the target range increased from 35.0% to 57.1%, the difference was statistically significant, p=0.044.
Background: Calcium-phosphorous disorder and secondary hyperparathyroidism is one of the most severe complications in patients with chronic kidney disease.
Composition of vitamins and minerals in the diet before pregnancy was relatively more balanced than during pregnancy.
Low-dose computed tomography (LDCT) is widely applied to limit the harmful effects of radiation on patients, especially those who need multiple CT follow-up.
Results: There were total of 210 acute poisoned patients with consciousness disorders (4.4%).
However, memory for remote events is typically intact, as is attention (also called working memory—patients can repeat lists of items and do simple calculations).
Results: Of the 96 patients participating in the study, men accounted for 54% and women accounted for 46%.
The nutrition status of hospitalized children from 6-60 months of age in Pediatric Department of Hai Duong province hospital, 2009
But what none of us has properly accounted for, according to six new papers published in Lancet Infectious Diseases, are the health risks to visitors of stampedes, heatstroke and mass infections.
The percentage of students willing to get the COVID-19 vaccine for the first, second and second time was very high (≥95%), and 92.3% of students agreed to report side effects of the vaccine to staff.
Complication rate was similar to other researches.
Conclusion: The rate of male patients is 53.12%, female is 46.88%.
Pitfalls in diagnosis and treatment of duodenal injury: 50 cases experience.
Many cases remain with bad scars.
Mathematical ability should be assessed in terms of computation skills, knowledge of operations, understanding of concepts, and interpretation of "word problems"
The group of diabetic patients with dyslipidemia had 110 patients aged from 40 to 80 years old (similar to the normal control group) accounting for 87.31%, 3 patients were seen in the age group under 40 years old, accounting for 2.38% and 13 patients with diabetes mellitus.
In which participants of Health insurance are the beneficiaries of the benefits, health insurance agencies and medical facilities providing the conditions necessary to ensure the health care needs for people participating on Health Insurance.
Conclusion: The rate of participating health insurance among study subjects was low at 42, 5%.
Antibiotics taken orally are slightly less effective as those given by injection.
Etiology Varicella Zoster Virus (VZV) is a member of the Alpha herpes virus, with a diameter of 80 - 120 nm, molecular weight 80000.
The research method is retrospective, describing a series of cases.
Indigenous medical experience is a cultural feature of ethnic minorities, making an important contribution to the care and protection of the health of ethnic minorities.
About 25% of patients with systemic sarcoidosis have cardiac involvement identifiable using imaging techniques, but cardiac involvement is symptomatic in only about 20% of these (5% of all patients with sarcoidosis).
Conclusions: RGK is an effective option for treatment of brainstem glioma.
Prevalence of anemia and polycythemia were 18.9% and 6.5%, respectively.
Conclusion: Intra-operative ultrasoundsafe, fast, and gives accurate information to guide the surgeons during surgery, increases the efficiency of the liver resection in treatment of primary liver cancer.
Subject and methods: A descriptive study in 60 patients with COPD.
Each unit / kg of factor VIII increases the factor VIII level by about 2%.
Neither having the disease nor being vaccinated provides lifelong protection, although any subsequent disease tends to be milder.
Influence of two flap design: envelope flap, 3-cornered flap on the periodontal status of the mandibular second molar after the extraction of impacted third molar.
All cestodes cycle through 3 stages—eggs, larvae, and adults.
Acute acalculous cholecystitis The symptoms are similar to those of acute cholecystitis with gallstones but may be difficult to identify because patients tend to be severely ill (eg, in an intensive care unit) and may be unable to communicate clearly.
Conclusion: The history of choking should be carefully considered in children who suspect FBA or not responding to treatment, even if the chest X-ray is normal.
Some patients have itching.
Through the study of 183 isolates of Neisseria gonorrhoeae, the proportion of non-susceptibility or resistance was 18.03% to ceftriaxone, 41.53% to cefixime, 27.87% to azithromycin, 98.16% to ciprofloxacin and 74.32% to tetracyclin.
The patient is anesthetized, and the airway is secured by high-pressure jet ventilation through the laryngoscope, endotracheal intubation, or, for an inadequate upper airway, tracheotomy.
Cyproterone, an antiandrogen (not available in the US), reduces the amount of unwanted body hair in 50 to 75% of affected women.
Keywords: Tetralogy of Fallot, complete repair, congenital heart disease.
Objective: to evaluate the diagnostic efficacy of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) for the detection of partial-thickness rotator cuff tears (PTT) and full-thickness rotator cuff tears (FTT) by comparing its findings with surgical findings as the gold standard.
Conclusion: Both products can be used to improve sexual function in men and women.
What is the place of tuna in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia
English summary: Folate deficiency is one of the causes of anemia in pregnant women, affecting the health of both mother and fetus.
To describe pathological characteristics of sclerosing adenosis of the breast and study on revealing some immunohistochemistry markers in sclerosing adenosis.
Risk of fatal drug overdose increases significantly when opioid analgesics are used with benzodiazepines.
The life cycle is completed in about 2 to 3 months; adult worms live 1 to 2 years.
In cervical injuries above C5, which compromise phrenic nerve input, intubation and respiratory support are usually needed.
Cirrhosis, if compensated, may be asymptomatic.
Sutures and staples on the torso and upper extremities are removed in 7 to 10 days.
Irritation is manifested by frequency and urgency, a sensation of incomplete bladder emptying, a need to void again shortly after voiding, or nocturia.
In humans, infection occurs mainly from March to September, when adult ticks are active and people are most likely to be in tick-infested areas.
Risk factors which were evaluated have a high proportion (the smallest was multifocal candida species colonization with 34, 3%).
Although QoL regarding physical health and personal belief was high, QoL scores for psychological and social relationship were low.
Results: More than 86.8% of pregnant women took iron tablets during pregnancy.
Once a proper seal is achieved, have the second operator attach the bag to the mask and begin ventilation.
51.7% with prophylactic antibiotic.
Conclusion: The number of respiratory hospitalized patients are on the increasing, especially lung cancer patients doubled after 5 years, this is a very alarming thing, whereas, other respiratory diseases changing are not statistically significant.
These drugs are recommended despite potential toxic effects in the fetus and woman.
Complications included prolonged air leak in four patients (5.1%), extrapleural hematoma in one (1.3%).
Serum creatinine may be increased.
Conclusions: The research was initially completed the application process and successfully in the diagnosis of CYP21A2 mutations causing CAH disease.
Diagnosis is confirmed by genetic testing.
> 65: No testing if previous testing was done and results were normal Prostate cancer Blood test for PSA (prostate-specific antigen) ACS: Because the benefit of screening is uncertain, patient and physician should discuss the potential harms and benefits of prostate cancer screening beginning at age 50 (age 45 for African Americans or those who have a father or brother who had prostate cancer before age 65) USPSTF: The patient and physician should discuss the potential harms and benefits of prostate cancer screening beginning at age 55, but recommends against screening at age 70 or older.
One or more implants are placed into the alveolar bone, where they integrate into the surrounding bone.
Results: The number of mothers who had the good general knowledge of acute diarrhea was 31, 3%, there were 70, 9% mothers correctly practiced haking care of children with diarrhea.
Renal function reduced spontaneously and was in normal range in a very short period.
Prior IV antibiotic treatment (within the previous 90 days) greatly increases the likelihood of antibiotic-resistant organisms, particularly MRSA and Pseudomonas infection in VAP (1).
Because of these complications, violent patients presenting in police custody should be evaluated promptly and thoroughly and not dismissed as mere sociobehavioral problems.
The adverse events of adjuvant chemotherapy of Vinorelbin plus cisplatin for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer
The results of the study showed that cefoxitin can cause a false increase in the result of the Jaffe creatinine test with the level depending on the drug concentration in the blood, while with the current treatment regimen of furosemide for the patient, We have not found evidence of an effect of furosemide.
Dorsal dislocations are reduced using axial traction and volar force.
Knowledge and practices of street food cooks in Yen Bai city in 2009.
Distance from perforator artery of peroneal artery to apex of lateral ankle Among the 66 perforator arteries from the peroneal artery, most of them concentrated at the position above the lateral ankle <10 cm and 10 - <20 cm with an average distance of 12.89 ± 6.51 cm (Figure 3.3).
Fractures may occur easily, especially in the older people.
When anticoagulation is ineffective or unsafe, IVCF plays an important role in mechanical prophylaxis.
Comparison between biosy result and PI - RADS score.
Case report: use of a fogarty catheter as a bronchial blocker through a single-lumen endotracheal tube for two difficult-intubation cases in thoracic surgery
Clinical manifestations and epidemiology of vulvovaginal candidiasis in women of reproductive age at dictrict 12 hospital in ho chi minh city
Response of patients with epstein-barr virus associated hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis to hlh- 2004 protocol in the initial phrase at the children ‘hospital n1 ho chi minh city
Schistosoma haematobium, a parasitic fluke that causes significant disease in Africa, parts of the Middle East, and southeast Asia, can invade the urinary tract, causing hematuria and not infrequently hematospermia.
Therefore, lifestyle and diet are significant factors contributing to the increase of metabolic syndrome in Vietnam.
Research on changes of iron and serum ferritin in cirrhotic patients at Thai Nguyen central hospital
Disorders such as myasthenia gravis and Eaton-Lambert syndrome can cause weakness that worsens with activity, simulating fatigue.
The procedure may reduce intrusive snoring, although apneic episodes may remain as severe (although silent) as before surgical intervention.
Diagnosis of Intellectual Disability Prenatal testing Intelligence and developmental assessment Imaging of the central nervous system Genetic testing Prenatal testing can be done to determine whether the fetus has abnormalities, including genetic disorders, that predispose to intellectual disability.
Patients also repetitively and excessively perform repetitive behaviors (eg, mirror checking) in response to the preoccupation with appearance.
There are several primers designed for gene to diagnose H pylori.
Oocytes collected from follicles of ≥ 6 mm result in better embryology outcomes as compared to follicles of <6 mm.
The present study was designed to evaluate Boyes method of tendon transfer for radial nerve palsy.
Author: Hideaki BUJO, Department of Genome Reaserch and Clinical Application, Chiba University Graduate School of Medicine Tạp chí DD&TP / Journal of Food and Nutrition Sciences - Tập 6 - Số 3 + 4 - Tháng 10 / Vol. 6 - No. 3 + 4 - October - Năm 2010 / Year 2010.
Analyses from the 2011 outbreak of hemolytic uremic syndrome associated with Escherichia coli O104: H4 in Germany reported that mortality rates are highest in two population: infants and those patients with age > 60-years old.
Patients with preoperative adjuvant treatment account for 16, 9%.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa resistanted to Monobactam 60, 0%; Meropenem 60% and Ciprofloxacine 60, 0%.
Patients and methods: Descriptive, comparative, retrospective and prospective study, combination with treatment intervention in patients diagnosis with AS, following to modified ACR-1984 criteria (New York criteria) who are inpatient or outpatient in the Department of General Internal Medicine - Endocrinology of Hue University of Medicine and Pharmacy and in the Department of Nephrology and Rheumatology of Hue Central Hospital from May 2018 to August 2019.
Delves, PhD, University College London, London, UK Reviewed / Revised Sep 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education The human leukocyte antigen (HLA) system (the major histocompatibility complex [MHC] in humans) is an important part of the immune system and is controlled by genes located on chromosome 6.
Only 1 patient required intraoperative blood transfusion.
Some of the diagnoses to be considered include Treacher Collins syndrome (associated with downward slant of the eyes, coloboma of the eyelid, malformed pinna [microtia], and hearing loss), Nager syndrome, Goldenhar (oculoauriculovertebral) syndrome, and cerebrocostomandibular syndrome.
The malnutrition risk assessed by SGA method was 66.3% and 22.1% of these patients were classified as severely malnourished.
Other adjunctive topical treatments include emollients, salicylic acid, coal tar, and anthralin.
Conclusion: Vitamin A fortified cooking oil truly improved weight, height, serum retinol as well as hemoglobin concentration of children.
The diagnosis of primary myelofibrosis is confirmed by detecting a mutation in JAK2, CALR, or MPL.
The severity and width of gum recession, the heigth of keratinized gingival, the sulcular depth and attachment loss were assessed before surgical treatment and after 3 months.
Polypharmacy was defined as concomitant administration of five or more drugs.
Objectives: Determining clinical, subclinical features of chronic rhinosinusitis with hypertrophied uncinate process performed endoscopic surgery at Can Tho ENT Hospital 2018 - 2020.
In this study, the probiotic characteristics of this strain such as: extracellular enzyme production ability; antibiotic activity against food-born pathogen like E coli, S aureus; organic acid production and bile-salt sufferance were evaluated.
Congenital heart diseases were classified as cyanotic heart diseases (89.7%) and acyanotic (10.3%), the most common congenital heart disease was transposition of great arteries (28.7%), pulmonary atresia (25.6%) and coarctation of the aorta (20.5%).
5 year overval survival rate is 84.7%.
To guider patients how to care and exercise against for flap: After 3 weeks of surgery, the flap is pressed and the patient is trained to 11 stand on a foam sheet with pressure and time increasing to the flap.
Trans-atrial septal technique without pigtail in percutaneous trans-mitral commissurotomy with inoue balloon
Lumbar hernia include superior lumbar triangle hernia (Grynfeltt - Lesshaft hernia) and inferior lumbar triangle hernia (Petit hernia).
Some new contributions in science, reasoning: Researching apply the advances of minimally invasive surgery to perform periampullary Vater tumors.
The result of this study had the differences in comparing those of Dary J, Costa. These differentiation can be explained by the racial characteristics between Vietnamese people (Mongolian race and Causian race)
The results of mini percutaneous nephrolithotripsy with the patient in a flank position in buu dien hospital
Time for back to normal life in the counseling group (2.55 days) was shorter than that of the non-counseling group (3.13 days).
After vaccination, people should be observed for at least 15 minutes for early signs of anaphylaxis or anaphylactoid reactions.
People with chronic hepatitis B gave risk to the vulnerability and deaths, therefore the quality of life should be considered.
Objective: To illustrate the changes in clinical features and blood gases in pneumonia patients treated with nasal continuous positive airway pressure (NCPAP).
Keywords: Fat mass, fat proportion, DEXA, type 2 diabetes mellitus.
When using fibrin glue, the degree of inflammation was significantly lower than with sutures at day 30 (P<0.05).
Weight bearing and walking increase discomfort, and gait is disturbed.
SONK usually causes sudden knee pain without preceding trauma; the sudden onset and the location of pain may help differentiate it from classical osteonecrosis.
In this study we study characteristics of the malnutrition, inflammation, atherosclerosis (MIA) syndrome; relationship between MIA syndrome and the cardiovascular events in hemodialysis patients.
However, this is lower and lower because people were interested in eating, drinking and activity how they are not got obesity.
Outside the US, higher doses (8 mg) may be recommended.
Etiology of Diarrhea in Children The causes and significance of diarrhea (see Table: Some Causes of Diarrhea) differ depending on whether it is acute (< 2 weeks) or chronic (> 2 weeks).
Routine vaccination against pneumococcal pneumonia, influenza, and hepatitis B is recommended in patients with DM [9].
Factors associated with quality of life of children with cancer: a cross-sectional study at childrens hospital 2
All the patients in groups I and III were treated with Peg-IFNα-2a 180µg weekly or Peg-IFNα-2b 1.5µg / kg / w combined with RBV; the period of treatment time was 48 weeks.
Keywords: Lumbar hernia.
Clinical consequences of CCE vary considerably, from being completely asymptomatic to presenting acute multiorgan failure, with a mortality rate as high as 90%.
Most of the lesions were less than 30 mm (96.2%).
When multiple people are affected, experts refer to it as mass psychogenic illness, or what used to be known as mass hysteria, a term that has fallen out of favor because of its sexist connotations.
Most of patients were misdiagnosed as chronique conjunctivitis or dacryocystitis.
Keywords: electroencephalogram, epilepsy, epileptic seizure, epileptiform waves, interictal
Association of dietary behaviors and physical activity with hypertriglycemia in primary school children in Hanoi.
Factors influencing clinical outcomes Clinical factors.
Testicular tumors are common solid whether ovary tumors are common cystic.
However, there is a paucity of studies on the progression of HBV, especially HBsAg elimination by applying this regimen.
The Odds ratio and 95% confidence interval were used for calculating of correlation.
Methods: A prospective cohort study was done at Emergency department, Cho Ray hospital from to 01/12/2019 to 31/6/2020.
So, assessing this abnormality is necessary in clinical practice.
Objective: To evaluate the correlation between clinical features and concentration of alpha-fetoprotein in serum of 73 hepatocellular carcinomas which were diagnosed at Cho Ray hospital from December 2009 to May 2010.Methods and materials: Seventy three consecutive hepatocellular carcinoma cases were diagnosed at the Cho Ray Hospital between 12/2009 and 5/2010 with clinical and histopathological data.
It may be now widely accepted in some specific types of surgery need to recovery the blood shed.
For example, the Wells score result is classified as likely or unlikely for PE.
4 cases of severe pneumonia with Burkholderia pseudomallei at ChrjRdy hospital were reported.
The tumor may be nodular (focally localized) in smaller joints of the hands, feet, and knee, or, more commonly, diffuse in larger joints such as the knee and hip.
Illness of any organ system can be a cause.
Calculators for Managing Patients With Diabetes Clinical Calculator Clinical Calculator Diagnosis references 1.
Rett syndrome is characterized by normal early growth and development followed by slowing of developmental milestones, and then regression of skills with loss of purposeful hand use with compulsive hand-wringing and hand-washing behavior, slowed head and brain growth, seizures, walking difficulty, and intellectual disability.
Keywords: 3-nitrophenylhydrazine, 3-methyl-1 - (3-nitrophenyl) - 1H-pyrazol-5 (4H) - one, antimicrobial, antifungal activities
Staphylococcal pneumonia is occasionally characterized by formation of lung abscesses followed by rapid development of pneumatoceles and empyema.
There was the relation between histopathological grade and the invasive stage; otherwise it didn't find any relation between the times of history that patients affected or the tumour size with the stage of bladder cancer in this research.
Three patients had early death before engraftment.
there are the negative correlations between dioxin levels in maternal breast milk with DHEA concentration in saliva of infant 3 years.
Treatment of Binge Eating Disorder Cognitive behavioral therapy Sometimes interpersonal psychotherapy Consideration of drug therapy, usually selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) or lisdexamfetamine Cognitive behavioral therapy is the most studied and best supported treatment for binge eating disorder, but interpersonal psychotherapy appears equally effective.
No statistically significant differences were observed in the mature oocyte rate, the good cleavage embryo rate and the pregnancy rate in the group with PCOS compared with the control group.
Their conversion to testosterone in small amounts initiates pubic and axillary hair growth (adrenarche).
Some fractures are minor and are treated similarly to soft-tissue injuries.
Treatment-related mortality was 12, 3%, mainly due to sepsis, pneumonia.
Non-vaccinationed patients had 2.76 times higher risk of having complications than that of vaccinated patients.
Pathophysiology After ingestion, E coli O157: H7 and similar STEC serotypes produce high levels of various toxins in the large intestine; these toxins are closely related to the potent cytotoxins produced by Shigella dysenteriae type 1.
Advantages of quantifying reversible defect by percentage of LV myocardium allow to compare and quantify changes in reversible defect extension before and after coronary revascularization.
The 2022 CMS strategic plan consists of the following pillars (2): Advance equity Expand access Engage partners Drive innovation Protect programs Foster excellence Practitioners who provide care to older adults should be aware of all of these goals and pillars and incorporate them into their approach to geriatric care.
Research described the risk for the progression of type 2 diabetes mellitus, and some associated factors of the predictive rate among adults in Thua Thien Hue province.
RATIONALE Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a common and increased tendency.
Management of asthma adhered to gina 2006 at children's hospital 2 in ho chi minh city
The student should not use the phone before going to bed.
Other forms include Emery-Dreifuss dystrophy, myotonic dystrophy, limb-girdle dystrophy, oculopharyngeal muscular dystrophy, and congenital dystrophies.
Derealization symptoms include Feeling detached from their surroundings (eg, people, objects, everything), which seem unreal Patients may feel as if they are in a dream or a fog or as if a glass wall or veil separates them from their surroundings.
Clumped crystals can usually be identified only with special calcium stains or transmission electron microscopy.
Conclusion: nano curcumin powders have met the quality requirements of preparation in laboratory-scale.
Meanwhile the percentage of patients dropping out methadone program after one year was 10.5%, in the second and third year it was 13.1% and 14.0% repectively.
Contraindications to Paraphimosis Reduction Absolute contraindications There are no absolute contraindications to paraphimosis reduction.
Background: Because of pleasant flavor and aroma as well as cooling-anesthetic effect, menthol and mint oils are widely used in the flavor industry and biocatalytic processes for production of l-menthol are more interested nowadays.
Its benefits over the conventional open technics, however, still await prospective randomized trials.
Subjects: 29 kidney donors and recipients.
The relationship between headache and mortality prognosis are not fully clarified and the result are controversial.
Diagnosis Culture Diagnosis of Pseudomonas infections depends on culturing the organism from the site of infection: blood, skin lesions, drainage fluid, urine, cerebrospinal fluid, or eye.
Their larvicidal activity on mosquito larvae has been shown in some investigations in the world.
Group of nurses from 30 years old / group of nurses under 30 was satisfactorier than 2.5 times.
Infections are common during the ulcer stage but rarely require more than local antiseptic measures.
Conclusion: Using cardiopulmonary bypass, theoperative procedures for complicated PDA has become more efficient and safer.
The antidepressive effect of compound was also evaluated by tail suspension test and forced swimming test.
Stereotaxy, belonging to the minimally invasive procedures which is worth for histological diagnosis of brain cells, is the foundation of modern radiotherapy.
Materials and method: The cross - sectional descriptive study of 69 patients with acute coronary syndrome at the Interventional Cardiovascular Center of Hue Central Hospital and Hue University of Medicine and Pharmacy Hospital from May 2017 to December 2018.
Monitoring for retinal vascular abnormalities is essential to prevent blindness.
Aortic Stenosis VIDEO The gradient may be overestimated when aortic regurgitation is present.
Persistent constipation can be managed with magnesium citrate 240 mL orally once a day, lactulose 15 mL orally 2 times a day, or propylethylene glycol powder (dose is adjusted as needed).
Remimazolam is reported to have the same benzodiazepine specific binding site on GABAA receptor, but present a faster systemic clearance, less steady state volume of distribution and terminal phase half life than midazolam.
Pathophysiology of Meningococcal Diseases Meningococci can asymptomatically colonize the nasopharynx (carrier state).
Suspect secondary infection when significant pain, a delay of a day or 2 in erythema and swelling, or systemic findings occur.
ANP is secreted by cardiac atrial tissue.
Materials and method: A cross sectional study 102 patients has been diagnosed with asthma and treatment at the Department of General Internal Medicine - Endocrinology, Hue University of Medicine and Pharmacy Hospital and at the Department of Endocrinology - Neurology - Respiratory, Hue Central Hospital from 7/2020 đến 3/2021.
Composition of human malaria parasite in Quang Binh and Quang Tri provinces by using PCR assay
It can manifest with a variety of symptoms involving the lower urinary tract.
Keywords: Bacterial pneumonia, viral pneumonia, mixed bacterial - viral pneumonia
* Imaging studies (eg, x-rays and ultrasonography) should be obtained for deep wounds, puncture wounds, and other wounds that potentially involve a fracture or may contain foreign bodies (eg, teeth, glass, or splinters).
Chemokines Chemokines induce chemotaxis and migration of leukocytes.
Kidney biopsy results: group II: 6.7%, group IIIa 24.4% and group IIIb 68.9%.
Epidermoid cyst in the cerebellopontine angle presenting with trigeminal neuralgia – a case report
Lipoproteins circulate through the blood continuously until the TGs they contain are taken up by peripheral tissues or the lipoproteins themselves are cleared by the liver.
Because of compensatory vasoconstriction, mean arterial pressure (MAP) is only a rough guideline; organ hypoperfusion may be present despite apparently normal values.
Results: Correlation between knowledge, attitudes and practices of mothers in raising children with malnutrition status of children.
Studying of some clinical, biochemical characteristics and treatments results of cholera patients in ben tre province in 2010.
Retrospective study on some clinical and laboratory features of preterm infants admitted to the Neonatal department of Saint Paul hospital
A year ago, governments around the world pledged 25bn to reinvigorate efforts on both targets.
Ventricular arrhythmias and left ventricular ejection fraction were closely related.
Hemoptysis is a common medical emergency in respiratory diseases in Viet Nam.
Chronic schistosomiasis Chronic infection is most commonly due to repeated exposure in endemic areas but can also occur after brief exposure such as occurs in travelers.
Cryoprecipitate, red blood cell transfusions, desmopressin 0.3 to 0.4 mcg / kg (20 mcg maximum) in 20 mL of isotonic saline IV over 20 to 30 minutes, or conjugated estrogens 2.5 to 5 mg orally once a day help when needed.
If mild attacks worsen or if attacks are severe from the onset, triptans or dihydroergotamine can be used.
Patients is re-hospitalized after two weeks of initial treatment because of her fever, flank pain, hyperglycemia.
Esophageal Diverticula By Kristle Lee Lynch, MD, Perelman School of Medicine at The University of Pennsylvania Reviewed / Revised Mar 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Topic Resources Esophageal Diverticula Zenker Diverticulum Traction Diverticulum An esophageal diverticulum is an outpouching of mucosa through the muscular layer of the esophagus.
The time of surgery depends on the patients.
PE needed to be drained 8.8% that included cardiac tamponade in 3, 5% and nearly tamponade in 5.3%.
Fetal heart rate monitoring may detect a nonreassuring pattern or fetal death.
Therefore, nowadays, the trend of HCC have been increasing according to the time and this is indeed a hude challenge for medicine in my country.
Bouts may last a few days to several weeks.
There were no death in the study.
Rupture of the stomach (particularly if the stomach is distended with air) is also a rare complication.
Conclusion: Nurses ICU have a relatively good awareness of delirium but do not practice well in assessing delirium and using diagnostic tools for delirium.
Determination of particles size is important in pharmaceutical research and manufacturing of drug delivery system in nano scale.
Objectives: To determine the rate of pregnancies prolonged ≥ 48 hours after using Nifedipine in pregnant women diagnosed with TPL between 28 to 34 weeks of gestation.
Objective: to survey the labor characteristics of the cases cesarean delivery (CD) because of arrest labor with new recommendation; and compare some characteristics, maternal and neonatal outcomes with old recommendation of ACOG 2009.
Sample size Validation study: Sample size for quantitative study to determine the most prevalent and severe symptoms: 1399 patients (832 cancer patients and 567 HIV patients).
PCV with branching vascular networks was seen in 76.7%.
From the established drug list, the cost of drugs used in the hospital in the coming year 2004 was estimated.
6 Sample: 819 patients were treated in full 2 years from August 2013 to July 2014.
Disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) are used early, often in combination.
The daytime and nighttime continence rate were 90.6% and 81.3%. Conclusions: Our results show that the Padua procedure is a safe and satisfactory surgical technique for patients after radical cystectomy, giving a good results in 6 months urodynamic assessment and questionaire.
Moderate acne Oral systemic therapy with antibiotics is the best way to treat moderate acne.
Meanwhile, group 2 used 4 methods including ELISA, CLIA, ECLIA and rapid test with 14 different analysis, intrument, reagent combinations.
There was no difference between phenotypes in the quality of embryos.
Clinical features: rapid pulse 10/15 case (66, 7%);
Fragile connective tissue may predispose cardiac valvular regurgitation, scleral rupture, arterial dissection or rupture, uterine rupture, and other complications.
There were 74 subjects in the research group and 74 subjects in the control group.
No study has investigated risk factors for incorrectly positioned in women with immediate postplacental TCu 380A IUD insertion.
Conclusion: Among CRC samples without mutations in KRAS and NRAS, 19.8% of the samples had the BRAF c.1799T>A mutation.
Objectives: To survey the relation of serum TGF beta1 level with: age, sex, BMI, blood pressure and glomerular filtration rate.
Giải phẫu bệnh chẩn đoán 80 nốt ác tính và 85 nốt lành tính, từ đó tính được giá trị của CLVT so với GPB Pathology Sum Malignant Benign CT Malignant 79 21 100 Benign 1 64 65 Sum 80 85 165 Sensitivity 98.7%, specificity 75.3%, positive predictive value 79.0%, negative predictive value 98.5%, accuracy 86.7% 3.3.2.
Neutropenia is an abnormally low count of neutrophils, a type of white blood cell that helps fight off infections, particularly those caused by bacteria and fungi.
Contraindications and target dose of ACEI / ARB and BB was defined by guidelines of Vietnam's Ministry of health 2020 and European society of cardiology 2016.
Each participant had an interview, gynecological examination including cervical samples for Neisseria gonorrhoeae, Chlamydia trachomatis and HPV detection by realtime PCR.
Objective: To describe the epidemiology, clinical, laboratory manifestations and treatment of Lupus-associated thrombotic microangiopathies at the Department of Nephrology in Children's hospital No 1 since January, 2010 to April, 2016.
Aims: This study was carried out to looking for the failed causes of using contraceptive pill in the Hau Nghia hospital. Methods: A case-study was used for all women who came to the family room from 04/2009 - 07/2010.
The data was noted at the moments before mobilizing alveolus, after 3 minutes, after 10 minutes and 20 minutes.
Class Ia antiarrhythmic drugs Class Ia drugs have kinetics that are intermediate between the fast kinetics of class Ib and the slow kinetics of class Ic.
Dieulafoy lesion is an abnormally large artery that penetrates the gut wall, occasionally eroding through the mucosa and causing massive bleeding.
The objective of the study was to determine the rate and some factors related to the agreements of parents for children 5 - 11 years old to be vaccinated against COVID-19.
Key finding: Lymphadenopathy with a normal appendix and normal mesenteric fat.
Keywords: Masked hypertension, ABPM, risk factors, target organs damage.
Viewing a larva during ocular examination is also a clue.
Before and after attempting to remove cerumen or a foreign body from the ear canal, clinicians should consider doing a hearing assessment if they have the necessary equipment readily available.
HBeAg is a protein derived from the viral core (not to be confused with hepatitis E virus).
Thereafter, follow-up sonography was performed and hCG injection was administered when the dominant follicle had a mean diameter ≥18 mm with 10, 000 IU.
MRI showed that: all tumors with clear boundaries, T1W isointense (40, 9%) and hyperintense (54, 5%), T2W isotension and hyperintense (81, 8%), homogeneous enhanced gadolinium (95, 5%), dural tail (13, 6%).
Patients who are not responding as expected to antifungal therapy may have another less common cause of plantar rash.
Etiology of Hypothermia in Neonates Hypothermia may be caused by environmental factors, disorders that impair thermoregulation (eg, sepsis, intracranial hemorrhage, drug withdrawal), or a combination.
However, when IVUS MLA is used to determine the functional significance, both the lesion diameter and length should be considered.
Objective: To identify prognostic factors of failure in non-invasive positive pressure ventilation on acute respiratory failure. Material and methods: Prospective study of 42 patients with acute respiratory failure from December 2005 to July 2006 in ICU of Thong Nhat hospital.
Clinical findings include a prominent early systolic ejection click and a normal or wide split second heart sound (S2) with a soft pulmonary component and a harsh systolic ejection murmur (intensity varying directly with severity of stenosis), which is loudest at the upper left sternal border.
Clinically, patients present with hematuria, flank pain, or a flank mass.
Conclusion: Surgical intervention on patients with anal fistula resulted in affected quality of life.
The therapeutic combinating plasma exchange, dialysis, cyclophosphamide and supported treatments improves effectively the renal failure and reduces the time number of hospitalization for dialysis and plasma exchange.
Health behaviors among children school-aged 13 -15 yearsin commune 8, vung tau city
Myocardial infarction (0.1%) and stroke (0.1%) may result in significant morbidity.
The cases with prolonged submersion, unconsciousness, low Glasgow score, no pupil reflex, hypothermia, hyperglycemia, pH < 7.2 had bad outcome.
Inheritance is autosomal dominant although de novo mutations occur in about 25% of cases (1).
Schizophrenia in prepubertal children (childhood-onset schizophrenia), in which symptoms similar to those of the adolescent / young adult-onset form develop before age 13, is extremely rare (1).
There are 9 appendices of 18 pages.
Diagnose using peripheral smear and G6PD assay; false negative G6PD assays are possible during acute hemolysis so repeat testing after several weeks if initial G6PD assay is negative.
Conclusion: Total fat mass and lean lean mass mass were positively related to BMD of ribs, BMD of spines, total BMD but A / G fat ratio were negatively related to BMD of pelvis, total BMD, waist circumference were negatively related to BMD of ribs, and adiponectin concentrations were negatively related with BMD of ribs BMD of pelvis, serum leptin level were not related to BMD in people with metabolic syndrome.
Keyword: Diabetes, Impaired Fasting Glucose (IFG), glucose (G).
This disorder can usually be differentiated from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease by the absence of family history and by small or normal-sized kidneys.
Pregnant women who do not have evidence of immunity should be vaccinated when pregnancy is completed and before they are discharged from the health care facility.
The use of the compressive clockwise and anti-clockwise thread rod for treatment of joint contracture
In about two thirds of patients, Guillain-Barré syndrome begins 5 days to 3 weeks after a banal infectious disorder, surgery, or vaccination.
Attacks are precipitated by certain medications and other factors.
Strength, sensation and deep tendon reflexes are compared between affected and unaffected sides.
Patients and Methods: AProspectivecross-sectional descriptive study, performed on 178 patients with skin carcinoma whom were diagnosed and treated at The K Hospital and Military Central hospital 108 from October 2011 to May 2015.
The results of the tests was used to evaluate the reliability - through the internal consistency, the test - retest reliability and the unidimensionality - and the validity - through the construct validity by Confirmatory Factor Analysis - of the Viet - BFAS.
Dental problem: 23.3% of the total students.
The normal reflex response is flexion of the great toe.
Results: After excluding eyes with poor image quality, a total of 222 right eyes were included in the analysis.
There was no relationship of age and living area with risk factor control.
Knowledge and practice on contruction the hygienic latrines and processing manure at households in Thanh Liem district, Ha Nam province, 2014
Effective chemoprophylaxis is available for many opportunistic infections and reduces rates of disease due to P jirovecii, Candida, Cryptococcus, and MAC (Mycobacterium avium complex).
Conclusion: Surgery is a safe and effective treatment for recurrent differentiated thyroid cancer.
Result: The rate o f overall inpatients' satisfaction was 92, 9% and the mean score was 4, 4±0, 6.
The ipsilateral temporal artery is palpated, and both temporomandibular joints are palpated for tenderness and crepitance while the patient opens and closes the jaw.
Characteristic signs of withdrawal include Irritability Jitteriness Hypertonicity Vomiting and / or diarrhea Sweating Seizures Hyperventilation that causes respiratory alkalosis Prenatal benzodiazepine exposure may cause similar effects.
After the wound is cleansed and is assessed by the final treatment provider, burns can be treated topically.
Investigate the correlation between the clinical outcomes and scale score in SF-36.
Epidemic Pleurodynia (Bornholm Disease; Bornholm's Disease) By Brenda L Tesini, MD, University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry Reviewed / Revised Jun 2023 View Patient Education Symptoms Diagnosis Treatment Epidemic pleurodynia is a febrile disorder caused most commonly by a group B coxsackievirus, an enterovirus.
After 3 months, results through funtional symtoms: very good (80%), good (20%).
This corresponds to the following decrease in intraocular pressure: the average intraocular pressure before surgery was 18.14 mmHg, after surgery was 15.5 mmHg, the difference was statistically significant (p <0.001), there was no the difference after the surgery by time (p = 0.12).
Assessment of antioxidant activities of curcuma aromatica salisb extracts
Both of placenta previa and cesarean section are important reasons of placenta accreeta.
Methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted at the Department of Urology at the University Medical Center HCMC, including 96 patients aged 18 years and older who were interviewed directly during the period from 11/2017 to 6/2018.Used HAD-A and MDSS tools to assess anxiety and social support.
Cercarial dermatitis occurs worldwide.
All of the CT scan results show abnormal findings, and obstructive factors are detected in 97% of the cases.
The technical successful rate was 94, 7%.
There were 4 main types of insertions of plantaris tendon according to the classification of Olewnik: type 1, 2, 4 and 5, of which, main type is type 1, accounting for 50%.
Positive urine culture results and older age were factors associated with poor response in patients.
It was observed that height of the stunted children was significantly shorter than their non-stunted peers over the period from birth to 17 years old.
Characteristics of skin damages in radiation patients and caring effectiveness of nurses at the oncology center military hospital 103
Such factors influence the treatment approach used.
Family members of known patients do not need screened unless they manifest a similar clinical picture.
-One of them was HIV infection.
Levels of serum hs-CRP in ACS group were no relationship with: age, LDL-C, triglyceride, glucose, Erythrocyte sedimentation rate, ejection fraction (EF). Gender, hypertention, diabetes, elevated LDL-C, elevated triglyceride, smoking were not influence level of serum hs-CRP.
Characteristics of treatment of pediatric septic shock in children’ s hospital 2 01/01/2014 – 30/04/2016
Amount of nucleic acid extrated from the liver and the dzeta-potential of erythrocyt of white mice, influenced by radio-active and treatmented
Screening some factors suggested tuberculosis in these cases with coordinate chest X ray lesions and severe clinical features.
Evaluate the result of transplanted kidney function and complications in the first year after living donor kidney transplantation at cho ray hospital
Tarsoconjunctival flab in eyelid reconstruction after total resection of palpebral cancer
Using a rule to keep focused on each line of text may also help.
Type of study - The study was divided into 2 stages.
Table Differentiating Crohn Disease and Ulcerative Colitis Crohn Disease Ulcerative Colitis Small bowel is involved in 80% of cases.
Examination of Mental Status The mental status examination is an assessment of current mental capacity through evaluation of general appearance, behavior, any unusual or bizarre beliefs and perceptions (eg, delusions, hallucinations), mood, and all aspects of cognition (eg, attention, orientation, memory).
Results: There was a positive, moderate correlation between the CRP levels and the carotid intima-media thickness in patients with type 2 diabetes, r=0.622, p<0.001.
There were 21 women and 53 men, mean age 57 years Among them, two patient was detected choledocolithiasis.
Diabetes mellitus control can be monitored by measuring blood levels of Glucose HbA1C Fructosamine Goals for glycemic control are Preprandial blood glucose between 80 and 130 mg / dL (4.4 and 7.2 mmol / L) Peak postprandial (1 to 2 hours after beginning of the meal) blood glucose < 180 mg / dL (< 10 mmol / L) With continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), 14-day time in range (TIR) > 70% (target blood glucose range 70 to 180 mg / mL [3.9 to 9.9 mmol / L]) HbA1C levels < 7% Glucose levels are typically determined by home monitoring of capillary blood glucose (eg, from a fingerstick) or continuous glucose monitoring, as well as maintenance of HbA1C levels < 7%.
Application of next-generation sequencing (NGS) in diagnosing the causes of autism spectrum disorder in children
Protected weight bearing (bearing weight only as tolerated and with a mobility aid, such as crutches, a walker, or a cane) is needed for about 4 to 6 weeks.
Clinical outcomes of multifocal lasik treatment for hyperopic and myopic presbyopia at choray hospital
For severe symptoms or symptoms that fail to resolve with appropriate conservative measures, descent of 500 to 1000 m (1650 to 3200 ft) is often rapidly effective.
Antagonists prevent receptor activation.
However if there are complications caused by an ectopic pancreatic tissue, a variety of surgical treatment becomes necessary.
Result: The related factors for decrease in bone mineral density at femoral neck, total hip included dropped total testosterone, elevated β-CTX and reduced BMI.
Table Infection is usually transmitted by sexual contact (including genital, orogenital, and anogenital) but may be transmitted nonsexually by skin contact or transplacentally, causing congenital syphilis.
JOA scores system was done before and after surgery.
The phase III study using bevacizumab, a monoclonal antibody against VEGF, did not, however, get expected results: Median OS was not improved significantly except PFS was prolonged from 5.3 months to 6.7 months (p= 0.0037).
Primers were designed to amplify - 806 and - 3402 regions in the promoter of CYP2C19 gene using software, and PCR assays were optimized.
Therefore, it is a challenge to gynecologist to find the best solution to maintain structures and organs of pelvicachieve this goal, while also restoration restore of adequate pelvic support.
Additionally, we attempt to briefly describe how hypothyroid treatment affects cardiovascular parameters.
Infection is usually asymptomatic, but mild gastrointestinal symptoms (eg, abdominal discomfort, diarrhea, weight loss) may be noted.
Seven clinical Cardiac Risk Factors were used to identify the high-risk patients: age 70 years or older, current or prior angina pectoris, prior MI, congestive heart failure, prior cerebrovascular accident, diabetes, renal failure (preoperative serum creatinine ≥ 1, 8 mg / dL).
Multivariate analysis identified tumor size, axillary lymph node involvement and histology grade as independent prognostic factors.
Overall mean age was 63.93 ± 13.55 years.
They also are informed that a few drops of blood diluted in a mouth full of saliva appear to be more blood than is actually present.
If dark adaptation is impaired, rod scotometry and electroretinography are done to determine whether vitamin A deficiency is the cause.
The common arterial lesion was superficial femoral arteries (17.3%), popliteal arteries (12.7%), anterior tibial arteries (12.5%); less common in infrarenal aorta (1.4%), deep femoral arteries (5.7%).
HIV / AIDS is the most important factor predisposing to TB infection and mortality in parts of the world where both infections are prevalent.
More prevention techniques Dietary changes can help reduce uric acid levels in the blood.
Diagnosis is usually clinical and depends on local epidemiologic patterns.
The objective of this study was to compare the effect of the change in fluoride concentrations on dental caries prevalence in 3 year-old children in fluoridated and non-fluoridated area.
The World Organization (WHO) 2018 histopathological classification of breast tumors, in the group Fibroepithelial Tumor and Hamartomas there are Phyllodes tumors (tumors have original of epithelial fibers cell).
Subject and method: The study compared insulin resistance and beta-cell function assessed with HOMA2 before and after sitagliptin to other oral hypoglycemic agent (s) in type 2 diabetic patients.
To identify the relationship of ultrasonographic findings to chromosomal abnormalities in prenatal diagnosis, we analyzed abnormal ultrasonographic findings of 112 pregnant women indicated for amniocentesis.
Clinical progress monitoring about cardiac arrest by cardiac death criteria in pateints with organs donation potential
Immunostimulating activity of arabinoxylan extracted from Vietnamese rice bran
Assessed the stability and effectiveness of the Measles vaccine candidate for the Vietnamese national reference standard.
Background: Nowadays in VietNam, the Funtional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) has been used so frequently in treatment of disease concerning to the nasal area, especially in the treatment of hypophysoma throught FESS.
Study on clinical and paraclinical characteristics of hepatocellular cardnoma patients less than 3cm
SSRIs and benzodiazepines are effective for social phobia, although benzodiazepines may be physically addictive and may also impair thinking and memory, faculties that are required for successful cognitive-behavioral therapy.
The lactate is not significant difference in sepsis and septic shock but significant difference in survival group and death group.
It was found that the group of children with relapsed disease had low salivary flow, average salivary buffering, and a higher risk of tooth decay and tartar compared with the group of children without recurrence.
Test results may suggest a diagnosis and direct further investigation.
Key Points Community-acquired pneumonia is a leading cause of death in the United States and around the world.
Duration acquired diseases is long. 29, 6% cases have genetic factors.
Conclusions: These findings suggest the need to improve quality of sleep in these patients by controlling the predicting factors.
Conclusion: The rate of neonatal hypoglycemia is 42.1%, the rate of hypoglycemia is higher in the low-birth weight neonates, the more premature neonate the higher rate of hypoglycemia.
In this project, we practiced the combination method of Thin Layer Chromatography (TLC) and High-Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC) with PDA detector to determine Imperatorin presence and its quantification.
Cold-curing flexible splint material (eg, periodontal dressing) Equipment to do local anesthesia: Topical anesthetic ointment * (eg, lidocaine 5%, benzocaine 20%) Injectable local anesthetic such as lidocaine 2% with or without epinephrine † 1: 100, 000, or for longer duration anesthesia, bupivacaine 0.5% with or without epinephrine † 1: 200, 000 Dental aspirating syringe (with narrow barrel and custom injectable anesthetic cartridges) or other narrow barrel syringe (eg, 3 mL) with locking hub 25 - or 27-gauge needle: 2-cm long for supraperiosteal infiltration; 3-cm long for nerve blocks * CAUTION: All topical anesthetic preparations are absorbed from mucosal surfaces and toxicity may result when dose limits are exceeded.
The proportion of cardiovascular diseases in copd patients
Nutritional status was assessed according to three indicators (weight / age, height / age, weight / height) compared with 2005 WHO standards.
It occurs primarily in women of childbearing age, particularly those taking oral contraceptives, possibly via estrogen's effects (1).
Extensor plantar responses and autonomic dysfunction are present.
Can J Cardiol 35: 1 - 11, 2019. doi: 10.1016 / j. cjca.2018.10.016 Cardiovascular Screening for Sports Participation Athletes are commonly screened to identify risk before participation in sports.
The artery runs deeper in the more proximal wrist and the forearm.
Their chemical structures were elucidated using spectroscopic analyses (IR, UV, ¹H-NMR, ¹³C-NMR) and chemical methods.
Mean postoperative hospital stay: 11.9 days (6 - 20).
There were 24 ruptured and 4 unruptured aneurysms.
The repeatability (RSD, n = 7) were from 1.1 to 1.4% respectively.
Results: average age of patients in both groups was 67.94 ± 16.59; male 71.1%; severe malnutrition BMI 20.58 ± 3.39; intubation indicationes were respiratory failure (42.4%) and comatose (42.2%); the highest rate of comorbidities was cardiovascular disease (); no patient had hypothermia; cavernous lung lesions was only 0.8%, both lung lesions was 26%; VAP accounted for 97.7%, septic shock 31.0%, Among pathogenic bacteria: Acinetobacter baumannii had the highest rate (34.3%); the rate of antibiotic resistance for all 5 types of bacteria increased higher than previous similar studies.
After initial treatment, soft-tissue injuries are treated symptomatically and are immobilized as indicated.
Familial hyperalphalipoproteinemia is an autosomal dominant condition caused by various unidentified and known genetic mutations, including those that cause apoprotein A-I overproduction and apoprotein C-III variants.
If plain x-rays are nonspecific and no obstruction is present, clinicians sometimes begin with an upper GI series because this may detect other conditions that cause similar symptoms.
Diagnosis of Capillary Malformations Diagnosis of capillary malformations is made clinically.
Keywords: IRM, ACL
This study examines factors affecting to primary closing of esophageal rupture suture.
The study has described the clinical and sub-clinical manifestations of patients underwent this procedure.
Results: There was no statistically significant difference when comparing blood biochemical indexes between groups at the same time as well as within each batch between the time of evaluation.
It is necessary to arrange CME with short training time, suitable content according to majors, and to increase scientific research training activities in hospitals.
Any suicidal act, regardless of whether it is a gesture or an attempt, must be taken seriously.
The survival averaging 16.94 months.
Fibrosis may extend inferiorly to the iliac vessels.
Methods: Cross-sectional study of 66 cases of melanoma were obtained from Pathology Deparment of the University Medical Center and Oncology Hospital from January 2012 to December 2013.
It too is frequently associated with Down syndrome.
Situation of liver injury by drug allergy at Da Nang hospital
Fever is nonspecific but, if accompanied by cough, suggests a pulmonary cause.
The most common cause in children is diffuse therapy given to prevent leukemia or to treat medulloblastoma.
Study on relation between traditional prognosis factors and hormone receptors status, ki-67, her2 in invasive breast carcinoma.
Mung beans act as a diuretic, help fortify the stomach, and decrease fat.
The prevalence of frailty, pre-frailty and robust according to Fried criteria were 29.75%, 48.56%, and 21.69%, respectively.
Irrigation: For loose small objects (less than 2 mm in diameter), such as small insects, sand, or dirt Suction-tipped catheters: For objects that are soft (such as molding clay), that crumble on palpation, or that are round, smooth and difficult to grasp (eg, small beads) Manual instruments (eg, cerumen loop curettes, right-angle hooks): For removal of a wide variety of objects, including large insects, cotton tips, button batteries, and large beads If a button battery in the ear cannot be easily removed, an otolaryngologist should be promptly consulted because a battery or magnet can be difficult to remove and can cause significant damage in just a few hours (See also Foreign Bodies in the Ear.)
They comprise less than 5% of all lymphoma cases.
Patients with acute eosinophilic pneumonia frequently present with acute respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation.
- GLS has predictive mortality value in septic shock patients.
Comparison of genetic mutation types between liquid biopsy and tisue biopsy samples in patients with early stages of colorectal cancer
In late - 4 stage cases, to improve outcomes, surgery is combined with radiotherapy and chemotherapy.
A multi-sea Poisson regression model was used to analyze factors related with alcohol usage.
Conclusion: Electro-acupuncture combined with paraffin is a safe and effective treatment method in wind - cold - dampness pattern combined with liver kidney yin deficiency pattern fever than that of liver - kidney yin deficiency pattern.
Keywords: Ventilator-associated pneumonia, procalcitonin, antibiotic therapy, antibiotic discontinuation, infection recurrence.
Direct antiglobulin testing (the direct Coombs test) detects antibodies that have coated the patient's RBCs in vivo (see figure Direct antiglobulin (direct Coombs) test).
Patients with coagulation disorders.
Material andMethods: Done in a prospective study by describing a series of cases including 122 children aged 6 to under 16 having unilateral hearing loss admitted to Nguyen Tri Phuong Hospital and Ear Nose Throat Hospital HCMC for a period of November 2014 - June 2015.
This pattern is more common during adolescence.
Relationship of adenosine deaminase activitiy and lipid rofile in dyslipidemia patients
Progression is usually stepwise, interrupted by periods of stability.
Symptoms of severe allergic reactions are not realized by the responders.
• Every person with fatigue should be screened clinically for endocrinopathy by history taking and physical examination
Study on substances with cellular toxicity from the leaves of excoecaria indica
Recently, several reports have reported a rare side effect following BNT162b2 mRNA vaccination, which is reactivation of the Varicella zoster virus (VZV) causing Herpes zoster (Shingles) and neurological complications.
Keywords: Cordyceps militaris, silkworm, temperature, light, fruit body.
This mean that the function of reinnervated muscle will be control by a cortical and medullary segment which previously performed other function.
The rate of candidiasis in patients with vaginal discharge syndrome examined at Son La hospital of Leprosy and Dermatology
Manic psychosis is a more extreme manifestation, with psychotic symptoms that may be difficult to distinguish from schizophrenia.
The usual injury mechanism is a fall on an outstretched arm with the elbow extended or direct force, often causing posterior displacement or angulation.
Incidence is about 1 in 100, 000 to 250, 000 live births.
It can seriously affect your sex life of the couple.
Conclusion: The ilioinguinal / iliohypogastric nerve blocks group had good postoperative analgesia similar to that of the caudal block group, the recovery time was shorter, and the amount of anesthetic drug used was lower.
Other diseases were rare.
The mass is surrounded by a thin, echogenic capsule and is not associated with posterior shadowing or contrast-enhancement during examination with acoustic contrast medium.
The proportion of using traditional medicine service of patients at health centers in hoa thanh district, tay ninh province
There are 3 types of support for CAM therapies: Efficacy on clinical outcomes as shown in controlled clinical trials (considered the strongest evidence for clinical uses) Evidence of established physiologic mechanisms of action (eg, modification of gamma-aminobutyric acid [GABA] activity in the brain by valerian), although evidence of a validated physiologic mechanism of action does not necessarily indicate efficacy on clinical outcomes Use over periods of time ranging from decades to centuries (considered lower quality evidence) A substantial amount of information about CAM is available in peer-reviewed publications, evidence-based reviews, expert panel consensus documents, and authoritative textbooks; much of it has been published in languages other than English (eg, German, Chinese).
However, dissension among authorized decision-makers merits further counseling or consultation with an institutional ethics committee or similar resource.
Hyperphosphatemia that develops in response to chronic kidney disease also contributes.
Meanwhile, all blood cell indices and liver function tests became stable within normal limits, and erythrocyte sedimentation rates and C-reactive protein returned to normal levels.
Occasionally, inflammation occurs, causing mild warmth and swelling or occasionally redness that may extend medially and appear to involve the 1st metatarsophalangeal joint.
Objective: To determine efficacy and safety of intravenous paracetamol in closure of PDA for preterm neonates.
Population and study methods A cross-sectional study implemented from March, 2011 to August, 2011.We conducted studies on 66 patients with nephrotic syndrome from 15 years of age, was treated at Pediatrics os Hue Central Hospital.
Diagnosis of Eosinophilic Esophagitis Endoscopy with biopsy Sometimes a barium swallow (See also the American College of Gastroenterology's 2013 Evidenced Based Approach to the Diagnosis and Management of Esophageal Eosinophilia and Eosinophilic Esophagitis (EoE).)
Disease may manifest as fulminant liver failure in the neonatal period or as indolent subclinical hepatitis, painful peripheral neuropathy, and renal tubular disorders (eg, normal anion gap metabolic acidosis, hypophosphatemia, vitamin D-resistant rickets) in older infants and children.
Results: The majority of students had accurate knowledge about the manifestations, causes, effects, and ways of coping with stress.
Patients and methods: This is the prospective descriptive study187 cases of ESWL in treatment proximal ureteral stones from 12/2009 - 10/2010 at Binh Dan hospital.
Conclusions: The rate of Kras mutation at codon 12, 13 in exon 2 was 42%.
Results of care and treatment of patients after atrial septal defect intervention and some related factors in 2020-2021
However, the actual rate of increase also depends on what foods are consumed with the carbohydrate.
Among them, 26% of patients drink alcohol with harmful levels and addiction, 33% of patients continuing to drink alcohol.
The mean tumor size was 33.7 ± 16.3 mm.
Completely resect the pannus and replace it with the new valve IS the method of choice instead of simply resecting the pannus to prevent recurrent pannus.
Hypoactive delirium was the predominant subtype (69.4%), followed by hyperactive delirium (18, 4%) and mixed delirium (12, 2%).
To evaluate the accuracy of multiple detector computed tomography 128 slice in the preoperative staging of gastric cancer, prospectively comparing MDCT findings with pathological findings post-surgery.
Its traditional locations are at the soft parts of the limbs and in the retroperitoneum.
Results: The one and half year retrospective phase of study recurited 46 case in Children number 1 hospital.
All those patients have been continuously followed up during the postnatal period at Viet Duc hospital from 01/01/2010 to 31/12/2012.
Diagnosis of Lymphocytic Interstitial Pneumonia High-resolution CT (HRCT) For confirmation, biopsy Diagnosis of lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia is usually suspected in at-risk patients with compatible symptoms.
90 chronic hemodialysis (CHD) patients and 30 continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD, control group) in Nephrology - Dialysis, Thong Nhat Hospital, HCMC.
The starting dose should be low (one fourth of the target daily dose), then the dose is gradually increased over 8 weeks as tolerated.
Thinking becomes disorganized, and speech is often disordered, with prominent slurring, rapidity, neologisms, aphasic errors, or chaotic patterns.
The rate of depressive patients in the hepato-gastrointestinal patients
Result: The patient, who had a SLAP lesion and a partial subscapularis tear, had an increasing of UCLA score from a preoperative score of 12 to a postoperative score of 33.
The new main contributions of the thesis The recurence of H pylori after eradication is quite common in many countries at different rates. The study identified recrudescence or reinfection in patients with H pylori re-positive after successful eradication has important implications for the treatment strategy. This is the first study using PCR-RFLP technique and genetic sequencing to determine UreC genotype of H pylori strains taken directly from stomach biopsy.
Treatment with Traditional medicine: 93.1% used electro-acupuncture and massage acupressure; the most common herb medicine used was decoction (100%); 79.2% used fluid paste; 75.0% used pill preparation; 33.3% of patients used medicated tea.
Drinking water containing > 10 parts per million is a common cause.
Brugada Syndrome By L Brent Mitchell, MD, Libin Cardiovascular Institute of Alberta, University of Calgary Reviewed / Revised Jan 2023 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Prevention Key Points More Information Topic Resources Type 1 Brugada ECG pattern Brugada syndrome is an inherited channelopathy causing an increased risk of ventricular tachycardia (VT) and ventricular fibrillation (VF) leading to syncope and sudden death.
Twenty tea drink samples have average gross beta activity concentration of 3.602 ± 0.107 (Bq / L) that exceed levels recommended by Viet Nam National Technical Regulation QCVN 6 - 1/2010.
Diagnosis of carotid cavernous fistulas with doppler ultrasound
Conclusion: Plasma hsCRP and NOx levels did not predict glucose intolerance or insulin resistance before the development of T2D.
Symptoms and signs of uterine rupture include fetal bradycardia, variable decelerations, evidence of hypovolemia, loss of fetal station (detected during cervical examination), and severe or constant abdominal pain.
To detennine the outcome of Total extraperitoneal (TEP) repair for the treatment of inguinal hernia in elderly patients
After treated by balloon dilatation of the lower esophageal sphincter, the symptoms were markedly released.
Results of surgery in major salivary gland cancers
The most commonly isolated bacteria was Acinetobacter baumanii (56.52%).
HPV is so common that 80% of sexually active unvaccinated people get the virus at some point in their life (1).
Amikichi reported that IL-17A had rise at second week and week 16.
Inhaled corticosteroids are of greatest benefit in patients who have eosinophilia.
Bone and joint involvement requires CT or MRI; MRI is preferable for spinal disease.
Surgical removal of pterygopalatine fossa tumors is still a challenge to all surgeons. These tumors can be very big at diagnosis time and the rich vasculonervous contents.
Materials and Methods: This is a single-center study, analyzing the antibody results of 485 healthcare workers and their relatives over a period of 6 months, divided into four times of testing: 1 month, 3 months, 4.5 months, and 6 months from the time after the second dose of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine.
Simple external apparatus, suitable technic comply with treating method still is target of specialist physician.
Because anaerobic metabolism rapidly uses the remaining glycogen stores, hypoglycemia is exaggerated if perinatal asphyxia has occurred.
Objectives: To evaluate the results of endovascular and emergency treatment of patients having traumatic carotid-cavernous fistulas (CCF).
Extended 12-core prostate biopsy is feasible at our hospital and increases the detection rate of prostate cancer.
A serious potential adverse effect of both these anti-HER2 drugs is a decreased cardiac ejection fraction.
Background: Unilateral vocal paralysis causes glottis patency and speech disorder, such as aphony, hoarseness, speech exhaustion.
During study timeline, the delivery outcome of 287 women were recorded with the average age of 38.5 ± 1.5 weeks, 9% of them have macrosomia, 2.8% have premature birth before week 35th and 9.8% have premature birth before week 37th; 64.8% of cesarean section and none of them have perinatal or neonatal mortality.
New of conclusions: Thoracoscopic and laparoscopic esophagectomy with semi-prone 300 has advantages: large surgical field, little blood loss, low respiratory complications, more number of lymphadenectomy, performing thoracic open easily. Complications of during operation and post-operation is low.
Grade II diastolic dysfunction was the most common in group with left ventricular hypertrophy.
The postoperative drainage rate in group that operation more than 72 hour from onset was higher and the length of hospitalization was longer.
Diagnosis of cadmium nephropathy is likely with the following: History of occupational exposure to cadmium Increased levels of urinary beta2-microglobulin (missed by urinary dipstick protein testing but detected using radioimmunoassay) Increased urinary cadmium levels (> 7 mcg / g creatinine) Treatment is elimination of cadmium exposure; note that chelation with ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) may aggravate renal toxicity in acute cadmium poisoning but has been used successfully in cases of chronic cadmium exposure.
Evaluate the toxicities of paclitaxel-carboplatin regimen for treating stage IV adenocarcinoma lung cancer without brain metastases at Bach Mai Hospital
Etiology of HUS Most cases occur in children and follow Acute infection Most often (about 90% of cases), the infection is acute hemorrhagic colitis resulting from Shiga toxin-producing bacteria (eg, Escherichia coli O157: H7, or some strains of Shigella dysenteriae).
Further study with a larger number of patients, longer follow-up time is required.
They are instructed to restrict activity for a minimum of 6 to 8 weeks.
The multivariate analysis showed that the presence of tophi, pain intensity, stage of gout, age, the number of gout flares in the previous year, diabetes mellitus, and elevated serum uric acid were associated with reduced HRQoL among elderly patients with gout.
Body lice must be controlled.
Most of patients experienced minor hyperkalemia (52.2%) while serious and life-threthening hyperkalemia occurred in 24.2%.
The liberated gas bubbles can arise in any tissue and cause local symptoms, or they can travel via the blood to distant organs (arterial gas embolism).
Conclusion: By using the modified young infant IMCI algorithm, commune health workers can correctly identify 80% severely sick newborns who need to be transferred to higher levels or admitted to hospital.
Occasionally, dizziness and vertigo may be psychogenic.
A pheochromocytoma with presenting neurological manifestations is very rare with an unknown rate.
Keywords: Epidemiology, HIV / AIDS, Thaibinh, 2008 - 2012.
Anticholinergic drugs Ipratropium, an anticholinergic, is effective in acute COPD exacerbations and should be given concurrently or alternating with beta-agonists.
Diagnosis Exclusion of other causes Diagnosis of idiopathic environmental intolerance initially involves exclusion of known disorders with similar manifestations: Allergies (eg, allergic rhinitis, food allergies) Atopic disorders (eg, asthma, angioedema) Building-related illnesses Endocrine disorders (eg, carcinoid syndrome, pheochromocytoma, mastocytosis) Atopic disorders are excluded based on a typical clinical history, skin-prick testing, serum assays of specific IgE, or all 3.
The current literature does not clearly define the treatment strategy in such cases.
Conclusions: After adenoidectomy, the clinical symptomps of adenoiditis remarkably reduced; and by endoscopic review, absence of adenoids 28.6%, adenoids being smaller than before operating 68.5%.
A cross-sectional study was conducted to describe the current status of knowledge and practice in patient safety among 300 nurses in 105 Hospital in 2021.
Objectives: To examinate the clinical and anesthesia characteristics in brain tumor surgery.
We present the case of the successful diagnosis and surgical repair of a pregnant woman presented to the emergency department with an acute Stanford type A aortic dissection at 12th weeks of gestation and kept fetus safety.
Methods: Prospective study 64 anterior clinoidal meningiomas that were diagnosed and operated at Cho Ray hospital from 1/1/2008 to 30/6/2012.
Keywords: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma, induction chemotherapy, gemcitabine-cisplatin.
However, if the evaluation suggests an etiology other than viral gastroenteritis, testing should be directed by the suspected etiology (see Table: Some Causes of Diarrhea).
There was no relation between surgical outcomes and these features.
Method: A cross-sectional description was performed on 400 inpatients treated at the Department of Surgery through the assessment of the patient's experience with PIVC.
Diagnosis of Preseptal and Orbital Cellulitis Mainly clinical evaluation CT or MRI if orbital cellulitis is possible Diagnosis of preseptal cellulitis and orbital cellulitis is primarily clinical.
Objective: To assess knowledge and practice of safe blood transfusion of nurses at Thai Binh General Hospital.
Also in the study of comparing pain relief PCEA compared with 19 continuous infusion into the epidural space after hip replacement surgery of author Jan Maca [86], analysis in the first 24 hours of VAS score change showed that the VAS score level of the PCEA group was lo wer than that of the continuous infusion group.
Ivabradine inhibits the SA node funny current and slows SA node rate.
The main effects of IL-37 are Anti-inflammatory Possible IL-18 receptor antagonist Clinical relevance of IL-37 includes Potential to block inflammation Transforming growth factors (TGF) There are alpha and beta forms of TGFs with 3 TGF-beta subtypes.
The aim of study was to identify molecular surrogate subtypes of breast cancer by immunohistochemistry and Dual In Situ Hybridization, analysis of BCL11A gene expression was performed in molecular subtypes by RT-PCR and assessed the correlation between molecular subtypes and clinic-pathological characteristics.
Tests for one or more of these organisms are typically included in multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) - based screens for enteric bacterial, viral, and parasitic pathogens in stool samples (see table).
Hypo-osmolality in euvolemic patients should cause excretion of a large volume of dilute urine (eg, osmolality < 100 mOsm / kg [< 100 mmol / kg]) and specific gravity < 1.003).
The characters of the clinics and labolatories of acute pacreatitis at Hospital of Hai Phong Medical University
OCs that contain levonorgestrel appear to lower this risk, and OCs that contain drospirenone or desogestrel may increase it.
Diagnosis of Malabsorption Diagnosis typically clinically apparent from a detailed patient history Blood tests to screen for consequences of malabsorption Stool fat testing to confirm malabsorption (if unclear) Cause diagnosed with endoscopy, contrast x-rays, or other tests based on findings Malabsorption is suspected in a patient with chronic diarrhea, weight loss, and anemia.
Stem cell transplantation Bone marrow stem cells can differentiate into small blood vessels.
There was significant difference in identifying between the subarterial VSD and perimembranous VSD (p=2.2e-16).
Diagnosis is based on an isolated platelet count > 450, 000 / mcL (> 450 × 10 9 / L), normal red blood cell mass or normal hematocrit in the presence of adequate iron stores, and the absence of myelofibrosis, the Philadelphia chromosome (or BCR-ABL rearrangement), or reactive disorders that cause thrombocytosis.
Use corticosteroids for moderate or severe SLE and an immunosuppressant for active lupus nephritis, CNS lupus, skin manifestations that do not respond to hydroxychloroquine, diffuse alveolar hemorrhage, vasculitis, recurrent serositis, or cardiac manifestations.
Investigation of culture conditions to enhance antibacterial ability of streptomyces sp
Most of the treatment toxicity is in grade 1 - 2, rate of toxicity grade 3 - 4 on hematology, Hepatotoxicity, hand foot syndrome, peripheral neurotoxicity has the rate of 3% - 4.5%.
Background: Esophageal cancer is one of the most common gastrointestinal cancers.
23.4% had dehydration on admission, acidosis (2.7%), hypoglycemia (27.9%), seizures (30.5%), electrolyte disorder (9.0%) were severe clinical signs.
Although characteristic in rheumatoid arthritis, swan-neck deformity has several causes, including untreated mallet finger, laxity of the ligaments of the volar aspect of the proximal interphalangeal (PIP) joint (eg, as can occur after rheumatic fever or in systemic lupus erythematosus [SLE] as Jaccoud arthropathy), spasticity of intrinsic hand muscles, rupture of the flexor tendon of the PIP joint, and malunion of a fracture of the middle or proximal phalanx.
Key words: Primary intracerebral hemorrhage, clinical
Elbow disarticulation and above-elbow prostheses Elbow disarticulation and above-elbow prostheses both require a mechanical elbow.
For example, fever in a traveler returning from an endemic area suggests the possibility of malaria.
These factors are poorly transferred across the placenta, and, because vitamin K is synthesized by intestinal bacteria, very little is produced in the initially sterile intestine of the newborn.
Objective: To study clinical, paraclinical features and to evaluate the results of salivary gland tumor surgery.
Apply steady downward traction to the forearm while maintaining flexion of the elbow.
Therefore, in modern factories, the paper batch records have been replaced with software to manage the production process through internal network (hereafter referred to as electronic batch records).
Hypersplenism may occur in patients with marked splenomegaly.
The results also indicated that the C7 root was most affected because it involved both injury mechanisms (high root damage and low root damage).
Conclusion: The overall percentages of patients with good knowledge, attitude and practice in diabetes treatment are relatively high.
Treat with broad-spectrum antibiotics plus prompt uterine evacuation.
Beside the socio-demographic and HIV related characteristics, the questionnaire also contained WHOQoL-BREF which was to access the quality of life of HIV patients.
Counseling for stress and anxiety may be very helpful, as may spiritual support from a chaplain.
Results: The medications frequently involved in clinical significant PDDIs were fluoroquinolones, H1 antihistamines, gliclazide, aminoglycosides, cephalosporins, calcium salts, magnesium salts, insulin, antacids, iron salts, and para-aminosalicylic acid.
The frequency of sepsis shock from invasive fungal infection was 50%. Conclusions: The accurate and rapid diagnostic method and more effective treatment stragies to invasive fungal infection are very important.
Of chondrosarcomas, 90% are primary tumors.
Telangiectases are foci of small, permanently dilated blood vessels that may occur in areas of sun damage, rosacea, systemic diseases (especially systemic sclerosis), or inherited diseases (eg, ataxia-telangiectasia, hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia) or after long-term therapy with topical fluorinated corticosteroids.
Endoscopy may miss a small perforation.
Situation of hospital infections by type of infection and by unit 4.2.2.3.
Total saponins of 6-year-old Panax ginseng were used as reference.
Treatment results of ureteral calculi by pneumatic endoscopic lithotripsy from December 2008 to April 2011 at Viet-Tiep Hospital
Such a presentation suggests acute DVT, soft-tissue infection, or angioedema.
Combined multimodality in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, at cho ray and trung vuong hospital during 10 years (1999 - 2008)
To investigate serum ferritin in cord blood at delivery of newborns, we acknowledge that iron storage condition of newborn at low level.
Therefore, physical examination assessment of gestational age should be used to assign gestational age and for decisions regarding care only when there is no reliable obstetrical information about the estimated date of delivery or there is a major discrepancy between the obstetrically defined gestational age and the findings on physical examination.
- Capable of widespread dissemination in many treatment facilities.
Nostril height and width ratio on the cleft side before and after treatment were 0, 056 and 0, 78, respectively (p=0, 000).
Assessment of nutritional status and some related factors of outpatients with type 2 diabetes treated at northern Quang Binh regional general hospital.
Keyword: Customs, food habits, Dong Da-Ha Noi.
Bone biopsy (open or percutaneous) should be done for pathogen identification and susceptibility testing.
The combined presentation of all three syndromes: cervical spine pain, cervical root compression, and cervical cord compression that were 54.5%.
Practicing of first feeding baby in first hour after being born: not have any factors about mother (age, occupation, study level) and new born babies (age, weight, birth sequence) gives effects on staticstic meaning for the feeding in first hour after being born.
Rarely case report: Foreign body of arytenoid cartilage causing abscess
Magnetic resonance venography with gadolinium contrast also risks nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (NSF) in patients with decreased GFR, but can be done with group II gadolinium contrast agents if medically necessary to minimize potential risk of NSF.
High-flow nasal cannula therapy, continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) therapy, or both are often used to avoid intubation in patients who are at risk of respiratory failure.
Backgrounds: Depression is a common mental disorder which is increasing around the world.
Then, from postnatal day 14, ASD pups were orally treated with BME (50 mg / kg) / distilled water for the duration of the study.
Abuse refers to recreational or nontherapeutic use (eg, euphoria, other psychotropic effects).
Severe pneumonia associated with gastroesophageal reflux (GER) have a higher risk of recurring pneumonia and prolonged hospitalization.
Side effects of adjuvant Oxaliplatin and Capecitabine (XELOX) chemotherapy for gastric cancer
Key Points Hoarseness is common early in glottic cancers but is a late symptom for supraglottic and subglottic cancers.
In terms of conventional antibiotics, the rate of those who were treated with appropriate antibiotic doses for respiratory diseases is rather high. However, the percentage of low-dose Metronidazole and Gentamicin use in patients surveyed was 100%.
Wheezing itself can be relieved with inhaled bronchodilators (eg, albuterol 2.5 mg nebulized solution or 108 mcg metered dose inhalation).
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that car seats be used only for vehicular transportation and not as an infant seat or bed at home.
To evaluate the outcomesof arthroscopic treatment for patients with subacromial impingement.
The aortic component may also be soft.
The chemical composition of the essential oil obtained by hydrodistillation of the twigs and leaves of Magnolia macclurei collected in Hoang Su Phi, Ha Giang Province, Vietnam was analyzed using GC / MS.
Evaluation of antibiotic use for cesarean section in obsterics department of hung vuong hospital
VAS pain reduction efficiency of the study group at the time of D7 (1.90 ± 0.62 points) and D15 (3.6 ± 1.00 points) was higher than the control group at the same time with p<0.05.
Iron deficiency anemia in children congenital heart disease at the university medical center, ho chi minh city.
Jejunoileal Atresia By William J Cochran, MD, Geisinger Clinic Reviewed / Revised Apr 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Etiology Classification Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Jejunal Atresia Jejunoileal atresia is incomplete formation of part of the small intestine.
Methods: A retrospective study of all the patients having diagnosis with snakebite at Department of Tropical Disease in Cho Ray Hospital from 2011 to 2013.
Re-examination after 6 months without any signs of infection or lnnb ischemia, the inguinal incision was completely healed Conclusion'.
The post-operative rehabilitation of C7 nerve root transfer for the patients with the brachial plexus injury
We report a patient, who has carbamazepine allergies, typical skin and mucosal lesions, is diagnosed with Steven-Johnsons syndrome and has an appropriate nutrition care plan, after 10 days of treatment is fine, no sequelae.
Fractures, apart from clavicular fracture, tibial (toddler's) fractures, and distal radius (Colles) fracture, are less common in typical falls during play or down stairs.
Initial assessment can be done by any health care practitioner trained in the assessment and management of suicidal behavior.
If the biceps tendon is torn (distal avulsion), there is no cordlike structure to palpate or hook.
Bedbugs have flat, oval, reddish brown bodies.
The percentage of patient has positive attitude towards weight reduction by 96.02%, reducing salt in the diet by 95.94% and discontinuing alcohol consumption by 88.84%.
E coli was resistant to all antibiotics of the Cephalosporin family, Levofloxacin.
Results: The cases of Dengue in newborns are mostly children, whose mothers have had Dengue fever.
To identify using DNA barcodes, researchers often use computer software to analyze and compare DNA barcodes of research samples with barcodes available on Genbank.
Surg Obes Relat Dis 16 (2): 175 - 247, 2020. doi: 10.1016 / j. soard.2019.10.025 Procedures for Bariatric Surgery The most common procedures done in the US include Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) Sleeve gastrectomy Adjustable gastric banding Most procedures are done laparoscopically, resulting in less pain and a shorter healing time than open surgery.
Determine the cost of caesarean section of 52, 859 health insurance payment records of patients with health insurance cards in Hanoi in 2018.
Evaluate the effectiveness of the stem tissue that restored with calcium hydroxide in the treatment of teeth around the stem of chronic inflammation
To assess the distribution of NT-proBNP according to age, sex, BMI, GFR, LVEF in patients with stable CAD and the role of NT-proBNP in detecting coronary atherosclerose lesions, as assesed by coronary angiography. Methods.
Symptomatic reflux (recurrent infections, impaired renal growth, renal scarring, or bladder dysfunction) is treated with endoscopic injection of a bulking agent (eg, dextranomer / hyaluronic acid) or ureteral reimplantation.
Compared results after 90 days of treatment showed that 75% of patients in the intervention group reduced 2 or more levels of paralysis, this rate in the control group was 42.5% (p<0.05).
- The similarity on the results of genetic sequencing of 5 patients with patient codes 1, 2, 6, 13, 16 reached from 94.34% to 100%.
- The role of 18F-FDG PET / CT in radiotherapy planning Radiotherapy planning with CT imaging is often inaccurate because of based on morphological imaging.
Most people taking isoniazid should also be given pyridoxine 30 to 50 mg orally once a day.
Utility of cd66c in monitoring minimal residual disease in b-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
Addison's disease with manifestations of acute adrenal insufficiency is uncommon.
Risk factors for neonatal compartment syndrome include hypercoagulability or trauma, but the exact cause is not fully understood.
During palpation, any regional or systemic adenopathy is noted; eg, regional adenopathy is characteristic of cat-scratch disease in contrast to the diffuse adenopathy of lymphoma.
In our country, the indication of antibiotics for both H pylori-induced and non-H pylori-induced diseases has been so available that it has increased H pylori antibiotic resistance which decreased the efficacy of H pylori treatment.
They include systemic and pulmonary vascular resistance and right ventricular stroke work (RVSW) and left ventricular stroke work (LVSW).
When portal vein blood flow increases, hepatic artery flow decreases and vice versa (the hepatic arterial buffer response).
Results: 31 patients with IMH were treated.
Diagnosis of HPV Infection Physical examination HPV testing Cervical, and sometimes anal, cytology (Pap test) Sometimes colposcopy, anoscopy, or both Genital warts are usually diagnosed with gross visual inspection.
Conclusion: The results of this study indicated that RFCA of AVNRT can be performed efficaciously and safely in a majority of children.
Waste receptacles (labeled "Caution, Radioactive Material"), sample containers, and Geiger counters should be readily available.
duPont Hospital for Children Reviewed / Revised May 2023 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Prognosis Key Points Panic disorder is characterized by recurrent, frequent (at least once / week) panic attacks.
Results: After 18 months, means and median of MD and PSD was no statistical different.
Study on digital subtraction angiography image and intervention results of ruptured middle cerebral artery aneurysms
Methods: Prospective, case series report. Prematurity infants with pre-threshhold ROP in ET-ROP were treated by laser photocoagulation from May 2007 to April 2008.
Initially, only isometric exercise of the affected limb while it is fully extended is permitted.
Keywords: peripheral blood stem cell, pediatrics, donors
High-risk groups Certain patients are at high risk of complications from influenza: Children < 5 years; children < 2 years are at particularly high risk Adults > 65 years People with chronic medical disorders (eg, cardiopulmonary disease, diabetes mellitus, renal or hepatic insufficiency, hemoglobinopathies, immuodeficiency) Women in the 2nd or 3rd trimester of pregnancy Patients with disorders that impair handling of respiratory secretions (eg, cognitive dysfunction, neuromuscular disorders, stroke, seizure disorders) Patients ≤ 18 years taking aspirin (because Reye syndrome is a risk) Morbidity and mortality in these patients may be due to exacerbation of underlying illness, acute respiratory distress syndrome, primary influenza pneumonia, or secondary bacterial pneumonia.
Background: Bleeding is not a rare complication in laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Flow diverter stents were successfully deployed in 100% of all cases.
At the research sites, there are 09 species that play a role in transmitting disease to humans.
The ZAP-70 deficiency is fatal unless treated by hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, which is potentially curative.
Preventive regimens include lifestyle modifications (eg, of sleeping habits or diet) and medications (eg, beta-blockers, amitriptyline, topiramate, divalproex, monoclonal antibodies).
The concentration of As in water samples is ranged from 1.90 - 17.43 μg/L.
An ECG and chest x-ray are usually obtained initially.
Other organizations suggest parents can introduce solid food between age 4 months and 6 months while continuing breastfeeding or bottle-feeding.
Similar results have been found in other research.
Overall response rate was 69.4%, 0% of complete response, 69.4% of partial response, disease control rate was 94.4% and progressive disease was 5.6%.
Optimization of the extraction process of polyphenols and flavonoids from breadfruit leaves (artocarpus altilis)
Almost parents are confirmed HIV (+) but we don't know about HIV-infection status of 35% fathers and 23, 5% mothers.
Biological therapy with anti tnf-alpha drug in a severe, refractory ankylosing spondylitis case
The study was carried out with the goal of surveying knowledge, attitudes, and adverse events after vaccination against Covid-19 in pregnant women.
Cannabis (marijuana) The Monitoring the Future Survey reported that in 2021 the prevalence of current cannabis use among high school seniors was 19.5%, which is a decrease from 22.3% in 2019.
In 5 cases the conversion to open surgery were required.
Foreign bodies that do not pass within 24 hours (1) should be removed because delay increases the risk of complications, including perforation, and decreases the likelihood of successful removal.
Joint manifestations Joint symptoms, ranging from intermittent arthralgias to acute polyarthritis, occur in about 90% of patients and may precede other manifestations by years.
The distally based lateral antebrachial neurofasciocutaneous flap (DLANF) flap is an other choice for soft tissue coverage of wrist and hand defects with some advantages such as: RA preserved, good material, reliable, and it can cover the large areas.
The second surgery was done for hemostasis of VAI by muscle tamponade.
Evaluation local inflammation associated with peripheral intravenous - catheter insertion in Hue central hospital
Results: Low back pain was the chief complaint of most of patients (82.1%).
Table Diagnostic Tests for Some Bacterial Pathogens Microorganism Microscopy Culture NAAT Antigen Detection Antibody Detection Anaplasma species ✓ ✓ ✓ Bacillus anthracis ✓ ✓ ✓ Bartonella species ✓ ✓ ✓ Bordetella pertussis ✓ ✓ ✓ Borrelia species ✓ * ✓ * ✓ Brucella species ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Chlamydia species ✓ ✓ Clostridium botulinum ✓ ✓ ✓ Clostridioides difficile ✓ ✓ ✓ Clostridium tetani ✓ ✓ Corynebacterium diphtheriae ✓ Coxiella species ✓ ✓ Erysipelothrix species ✓ ✓ Francisella tularensis ✓ ✓ Haemophilus ducreyi ✓ ✓ Helicobacter pylori ✓ ✓ * ✓ Kingella species ✓ * ✓ ✓ Klebsiella species ✓ ✓ Legionella species ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Leptospira species ✓ * ✓ ✓ Listeria species ✓ ✓ ✓ Mycoplasma species ✓ ✓ Neisseria species ✓ ✓ ✓ Nocardia ✓ ✓ ✓ Rhodococcus equus ✓ ✓ Rickettsial species ✓ ✓ Streptococcus species ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Treponema pallidum ✓ ✓ ✓ Tropheryma whipplei ✓ ✓ Vibrio species ✓ ✓ Yersinia pestis ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Adapted from Bennett JE, Dolin R, Blaser MJ: Mandell, Douglas, and Bennett's Principles and Practice of Infectious Diseases, 9th Edition.
These isolates were identified by germ tube test, colony pigmentation and morphological characteristics on CHROMAgar Candida® medium then the species were detected using multiplex PCR.
Seventy-nine (65.3%) patients were at the age from 40 to 59, median age at the time of recurrence was 48.5.
Mean morphine consumption were 15.7 mg.
Thumb-index finger apposition ("OK" gesture) and finger flexion against resistance (median nerve) Finger abduction against resistance (ulnar nerve) Wrist and finger extension against resistance (radial nerve) Analgesia Give analgesia.
However, better understanding of cell markers and tools used to evaluate those markers now show that the distinction between these 2 cancers is often vague.
Diagnosis of Medication Overuse Headache Clinical criteria Rarely CT or MRI to exclude other disorders Diagnosis of medication overuse headache is clinical and is based upon the frequency of headache and use of medications to relieve it.
Keywords: nasal defects, skin flap, skin flap and cartilage, results of reconstruction
Chromoblastomycosis is a cutaneous infection affecting normal, immunocompetent people mostly in tropical or subtropical areas; it is characterized by formation of papillomatous nodules that tend to ulcerate.
Strength and conditioning Many exercises aim to improve muscle strength (for grading muscle strength, see table Grades of Muscle Strength).
Percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography (PTC) With fluoroscopic or ultrasound guidance, the liver is punctured with a needle, the peripheral intrahepatic bile duct system is cannulated above the common hepatic duct, and a contrast agent is injected.
Temporary interruption of aspirin may be considered (with substitution of dipyridamole for children with documented aneurysms).
100% người dân được khám có tình trạng răng nhiễm Fluor ở mức độ 4 và 5 theo Dean, FCI =3, 6 ± 0, 51 (rất đáng kể).
Patients with overt PCT and hepatitis C infection should be evaluated for treatment with direct-acting antiviral drugs.
Two anti-Toxocara canis specific antibodies serum sample plots were produced: by freeze-drying method with the concentration of 31.012 NTU; and by freezing method with concentration of 27.184 NTU.
A goiter or nodule may be present.
Complete blood count (CBC) with differential, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and kidney function and liver tests are generally done.
Knowledge, experiences and opinions of adolescent on emergency contraceptive pill
The earliest findings are localized areas of sclerosis and lucency.
Results: The rate of dropping blood-pressure at any times from T1 to T8 after spinal anaesthesia at Gelofusin transmissed group has always been lower than NaCl 0, 9% (p < 0, 05) transmissed group.
The plasma 25 - hydroxyvitamin D concentration was inverse correlation with waist circumference, BMI, total cholesterol, triglycerid, reduce HDL-C, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure and HbA1C (p <0, 05 to p <0, 001).
- Processus vaginalis has many different anatomical types, either communicating or non-communicating with the abdominal cavity.
Complicated cystitis should be treated with empiric broad-spectrum antibiotics chosen based on local pathogens and resistance patterns and adjusted based on culture results.
Results of laparoscopic cholecystectomy using indocyanine green fluorescence (ICG)
However, there are still insufficient clinical data to confirm whether valerian is effective for insomnia (2 - 3).
These results showed the anti-inflammatory and pain reliever effects in primary knee OA treatment of Ich goi khang.
The recurrent rate was 18.6%.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteria are still sensitive to most antibiotics such as Meropenem, Piperacillin / Tazobactam, Ceftazidime, Amikacin, and Ciprofloxacin with a rate of 94.4%, 90.9%, 81.8%, 88.9%, and 57.1%, respectively.
Objective: The aim of this survey is to study clinical data and report the relationship between clinical data of patients affected by critical care polyneuropathy in ICU.
Keywords: Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD), Proton Pump
In relative terms, patients with T1D and those with T2D had similar adjusted odds ratios (ORs) for hospitalization (3.90 for T1D vs 3.36 for T2D), severity of illness (3.35 vs 3.42) [6], and in-hospital mortality (3.51 vs 2.02) [7].
Place an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator for patients with syncope or sudden cardiac arrest.
Among them, the 10 diseases that account for the highest proportion were hypertension, dyslipidemia, myocardial anemia, diabetes, GERD, anxiety disorders, pneumonia, urinary infection, COPD, arrhythmia heart.
Patients meet inclusion criteria will be asked to participate in this research.
Results: The sensitivity and specificity of ELISA assay were 93.48%, 84.88% respectively.
Pham Hoan Tien's study showed that 61.4% of patients had anterior myocardial infarction, 38.6% with posterior myocardial infarction.
The concentration of PlGF, sFlt-1 in this study not related to indicators and other clinical biochemistry.
However, few studies addressed the prevalence of dementia at geriatric department in Vietnam.
The PCR products then were purified and sequenced.
For later stages of syphilis or neurosyphilis, the appropriate regimen for nonpregnant patients should be followed (see Late latent or tertiary syphilis).
Objective: To analyze clinical characteristics, endocrine secretions and pathology of adrenal incident alomas at Cho Ray Hospital.
The HIV DNA genotype archive provides HIV-1 antiretroviral drug resistance data when conventional HIV RNA resistance testing cannot be done because patients have a low plasma HIV RNA level (< 500 copies / mL).
Method: Description of a case report and review of the relevant literature.
Conclusion: The position of finish lines of the two groups N and D did not have different effects on the concentration of IL-1β in GCF.
Posture becomes stooped.
Mismatch area volume was 67ml (21 - 148ml).
The study of clinical features of febrile seizure in children and knowledge, attitude, practice on febrile seizure of people who cared for children at General Internal Department of Hai Duong Children Hospital in 4th quater 2017
A 54-year-oldfemale patient was hospitalized due to breathlessness.
Ofcurcuma zedoaria using response surface methodology optimization of an ultrasound-assisted extraction condition for alkaloids compounds from rhizomes
Study medication adherence and compare some factors affecting medication adherence in patients with type 2 diabetes at Hanoi medical university hospital
Patients were divided into two groups: control group with untreated, expanded blastocysts and AS group with blastocysts were artificial laser-assisted collapse before vitrification.
An ECG and chest x-ray are usually obtained.
Dental pulp stem cells as a source of cells are easy to obtain for non-invasive, has the highly potential to grow and differentiate, can be stored for many years, interact well with many types of biomaterials.
Etiology of Anorexia Nervosa The etiology of anorexia nervosa is unknown.
Conclusion: most of infrarenal AAA patients were in operated with the reason that is small AAA, high age, male, smoking, arterial hypertension, and myocardic ischemia.
Adrenal autoantibodies can be assessed.
The groups were trained on methadone treatment, illicit drugs, co-infectious diseases by lecturers of Haiphong University of Medicine and Pharmacy.
The back and chest are severely involved.
CNSL is a promising bio-compound capable of reducing the environmental impacts of plastics and the composite industry.
The rate of neuromuscular re-innervation was 39% higher than Initial time; in which the percentage in the muscle group dominated by the median nerve was the highest (58.3%), followed by the ulnar nerve (48.7%) and the lowest was the radial nerve (24.2%).
Diagnosis of legionnaires' disease is by culture of sputum or bronchoalveolar lavage fluid; blood cultures are unreliable.
Deep bursitis is suspected in patients with unexplained pain worsened by motion in a location compatible with bursitis.
After excision, a flexible tube can be used to separate the nail plate and painful fold and allow healing.
Infected hairs easily fall out or are removed by the patient, but new papules tend to develop.
Linear regression was utilized to assess the correlation of the training quality factors with the satisfaction of students.
Correct knowledge of HBV among people aged 18 - 60 years was 16.2%.
Three eyes had mild haze one month after the surgery but they didn't affect the clarity, haze disappeared after 3 months in one eye.
We present our experience using OPCAB and our first results from 42 patients treated with OPCAB technique.
Conclusion: Langerhans cell histiocytosis is a malignant disease that may be encountered in clinical practice with different sites of lesions.
Warnings and Common Errors A too-small incision will commonly result in tearing of mucosa; err on the side of too long (at least 1 to 2 cm).
TAP block group had significant less average VAS score than PCA group (p < 0.05) from 1 hour to 24 hour after c-section.
Conclusion: The aqueous extract from the An Giang traditional remedy exhibed a treatment effect in acute lipid disorders at the dose of 220 mg / kg in the better manner than that of 440 mg / kg in mice iv injected with tyloxapol.
The 30-day mortality rate was 38.4%.
Background: Chlamydia trachomatis is the leading cause of bacterial sexually transmitted disease worldwide resulting in 4 - 5 million new cases of Chlamydia annually.
When the pH is lower than the p K a, the un-ionized form of a weak acid predominates, but the ionized form of a weak base predominates.
The most common cause of gynaecology infections was chlamydia.
Cardiac catheterization is not usually necessary unless hemodynamics must be further characterized before surgical repair (eg,, to assess pulmonary vascular resistance in a patient presenting at an older age).
Anti-ds DNA was significantly associated with skin lesions, hematologic disorders, liver enzymes, muscle enzymes, components C3, C4 and proteinuria.
However, in < 1% of alleles, expression is possible only from the paternal or maternal allele.
Illness in a foreign country may involve significant difficulties.
Serum levels drawn before 4 hours may not represent peak levels.
Physical examination may include measurement of height and weight, inspection of body fat distribution, and anthropometric measurements of lean body mass.
As the chest wall expands, the pressure in the closed box rises.
Prevalence and risk factors of cardiovascular disease among civil servantstaken care at department of health protection andcare in tay ninh province
Research was carried out on hypertensive outpatient over 25 year-old at district 3 hospital from June to July, 2009 Results: The percentage of patient getting the proper knowledge about salty eating risks of hypertension overwhelm One of risks of hypertension which the highest percentage of patients get proper knowledge is salty eating, following ones are obesity and drinking.
Detection of rsv in pediatric patients under 5 years old by realtime rt-pcr and conventional rt-pcr.
The research results in table 3.15 and graph 3.7 show that, in the research group, severe degeneration is much less common than mild degeneration according to different levels, consistent with the study of Klaus Strobel et al (2005).
The relationship between knowledge and attitude was not found.
Ruptured TAA that is not immediately fatal manifests with severe chest or back pain and hypotension or shock.
Results: Preoperative cardiac characteristics: hypertension (45.7%), ischemic heart disease (16.1%), intermediate risk (59.8%), Beta blocker is the first of choice drug in management of hypertension (86.6%) and ischemic heart disease (76.6%).
It is due to a disorder that affects the dominant left frontal or frontoparietal area, including the Broca area.
Torsional resistance of nickel-titanium file systems
However, studies were limited by including surgically resected polypoid lesions, only polyp ≥3 cm, only sessile polyps or carcinoma in situ.
Key words: computed tomography, non traumatic acute abdominal pain, single phase computed tomography, portal vein phase
Mortality rate is < 1%; Q wave MI rate is < 2%.
Most of them were combined chemo or chemoradiotherapy post-operative.
Congenital Hypophosphatasia By Frank Pessler, MD, PhD, Helmholtz Centre for Infection Research Reviewed / Revised Nov 2022 View Patient Education Congenital hypophosphatasia is absence or low levels of serum alkaline phosphatase due to mutations in the gene encoding tissue-nonspecific alkaline phosphatase (TNSALP).
However, the harmful effects of e-cigarettes, especially nicotine-containing forms, have not been elucidated.
Funds generally come from the Older Americans Act, Medicaid waiver programs, long-term care insurance, and private funds.
Conclusion: There are many causes of dyspnea other than asthma and COPD that clinicians should take in to account when considering diagnoses of any patients.
Choice of modalities constantly evolves, and numerous controlled research trials continue.
Results: All operations were successfully completed laparoscopically.
Comprehension: Patients are asked to point to objects named by the clinician, carry out one-step and multistep commands, and answer simple and complex yes-or-no questions.
Ribavirin is not used routinely for respiratory syncytial virus pneumonia in children or adults but may be used occasionally in high-risk children age < 24 months.
Conclusion: Resistance training is effective for eliciting gains in lean body mass among type 2 diabetes mellitus with pre sacropenia.
The oropharynx is inspected for swellings, and the teeth are percussed for tenderness.
Testing Usually, if duration of pain is short (< 4 to 6 weeks), no testing is required unless red flag findings are present, patients have had a serious injury (eg, vehicular crash, fall from a height, penetrating trauma), or evaluation suggests a specific nonmechanical cause (eg, pyelonephritis).
o describe clinical manifestations according to the CoMiSS in children at National Children's Hospital (NCH).
These have been postulated to be cholesterol deposits, but may also constitute small blood clots or debris.
More commonly, however, hypotension is a result of sympathetic lysis caused by sedatives or opioids used to facilitate intubation and ventilation.
A hemothorax appears hyperechoic.
Post-op result: neuro functions were improved in 43.10% cases, not any cases decreased in neurofunctions.
From year 1998, we have introduce the "vascular disposition technique" for the short vein graft (right kidney) and we can transplant only on the right iliac fossa (RIF) except a contraindication due to a surgical history of the RIF.
The larger the fetomaternal hemorrhage, the more antibodies produced.
Muscle relaxants such as cyclobenzaprine, metaxalone, and methocarbamol (usually in low doses) occasionally relieve pain that arises from muscles strained by attempting to support osteoarthritis joints, yet strong evidence is lacking unless there is coexistent central sensitization.
Typically, hospital stays are 4 to 5 days unless prolonged by complications or concomitant illnesses.
67.7% had jaundice all the body before were taken to neonatal room.
Pneumonia after surgery was the most common complication of study 6.60%, most occured in patients over 70 years of age.
Acidosis is one of 3 factors in lethal triad.
(See also information about e-cigarettes from the The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine [Health and Medicine Division]: Public health consequences of e-cigarettes.)
Epidemiology features: the mean age 10.2 ± 2.37 year olds; the female predominance is more pronounced with ratio 2: 1.
Undernutrition may lead to enlarged parotid glands.
Only about half of patients present with the characteristic pattern of symptoms.
This study aimed to describe clinical and subclinical characteristics and evaluate some factors related to vitamin D deficiency in preterm infants.
To evaluate treatment outcomes in generalized anxiety disorder.
Methods: Mode of study: prospective.
18 patients (41.9%) died, all in the FG.
Result: There was 95.7% households spent money for health care services in the last six months.
Therefore, the imbalance between the levels of PRO - versus ANTI-inflammatory mediators results in a chronic inflammatory state.
Common methods for abortion are instrumental evacuation of the uterus after cervical dilation or medication abortion (to induce uterine contractions).
Estimating direct costs for inpatient treatment of patients with ischemic stroke at Neurology Center, Bach Mai Hospital in 2021.
Fabrics with a tight weave block the sun better than fabrics with a loose weave.
Older people, women of childbearing age, and children are particularly at risk.
Data collection for the third goal: 2.3.2.1.
Docs warn about teens and Facebook depression CHICAGO — Add Facebook depression to potential harms linked with social media, an influential doctors' group warns, referring to a condition it says may affect troubled teens who obsess over the online site.
Objective Evaluation of contrast-enhanced dynamic MR imaging of hepatocellular carcinomaMaterials and methods: Retrospectives study of contrast-enhanced dynamic mr imaging of hepatocellular carcinoma in the patients, who were examinated abdominal MR imaging from 06/2006 - 10/2008, in Ho Chi Minh Medical University Hospital.
Clinical characteristic of influenza A(H1N1) virus in 2009
Objectives: synthesized data on emerging infectious diseases in southern Vietnam from 2001 to 2011.
Hepatic metabolism Overall hepatic metabolism of many drugs through the cytochrome P-450 enzyme system decreases with age.
Active and passive joint motion is painful, and the joint is swollen.
Results and conclusions: According to our findings, a sensitivity of 71.34%, a specificity of 96.41%, a positive predictive value of 97.52%, and a negative predictive value of 73.33% were observed.
Result: The medical history of atypical pneumonia due to bacteria as below: Obstetric history: Small ratio have neonatal respiratory failure 1.4%, neonatal septic infection 2.33%, light weight 6.98%, birth operation 25.12%.
Prevention is by hand washing and food and water precautions.
Gross hemoglubinuria: control group was 4.44% of patients, 6.66% of patients were in intervention group.
Kaempferol also induced degradation of ER-alpha by a different pathway than that observed for the antiestrogen ICI 182, 780 and estradiol.
History History aims to uncover focal symptoms and facts (eg, travel, occupation, family history, exposure to animal vectors, dietary history) that suggest a cause.
A multidisciplinary team approach helps patients cope with progressive neurologic disability: Physical therapists may help patients maintain muscle function.
In addition, a pattern of mild neurobehavioral effects has also been observed, including decreases in attention and alertness, lower IQ, and impaired gross and fine motor skills.
Treatment of Pulmonary-Renal Syndrome Corticosteroids Sometimes cyclophosphamide Plasma exchange Immunosuppression is the cornerstone of treatment of pulmonary-renal syndrome.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation, which is sometimes used to treat severe, resistant depression, has also proven effective in bipolar depression.
4.7% were not suitable, in which there was 1 case of anticoagulation in patients with low stroke risk according to the CHA2DS2-VASC scale (26.7%); there was 1 case of high stroke risk but no anticoagulation was indicated; 1 case indicated platelet aggregation inhibitors in subjects at high risk of stroke.
Besides, in Vietnam, factor VIII has not been used at home yet, so it is not easy to periodically go to the hospital to receive clotting factors for the majority of cases. Results of Emicizumab in the prevention of bleeding in patients with hemophilia A without factor VIII inhibitors at the National Institute of Hematology and Blood Transfusion in 2020 - 2021.
Besides you have more time, because the delayed or equilibrium phase starts at about 3 - 4 minutes.
Mainly in dose laboratories, rinse the nuclear medicine department, hatch covers radioactive waste storage.
ECG and 2-dimensional echocardiography and / or MRI (the best noninvasive confirmatory tests) are done.
The disease is characterized by prolonged blood clotting time and increase risk of bleeding; clinical symptoms mostly are hemorrhage, hemorrhage can be natural or after minor injuries.
The preliminary validation study found that the inter-observer agreement was good and the CX-SS was a useful parameter for predicting mortality in hospitalized patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection [15].
Sequencing analysis detected a heterozygous mutation in LDLR exon 4, c.664T>C (p Cys222Arg).
Implant-conserving surgery to treat gluteal implant pocket infection after gluteal augmentation: a case report
The Kaplan-Meier survival charts of the two groups of patients showed that at any time in 1 year, the survival rate of the hypothermic treatment group was significantly higher than that of the control group.
During the test, the patient exhales 10 cm away from the examiner's nose, first through the mouth and then with the mouth closed.
After cardiac arrest, prolonged shock complications and circulatory respiratory failure, multi-organ failure is very severe and requires a smooth coordination between specialists. Treatment should be individualized to optimize the eventual outcome.
Methods: A crosssectional study was performed on 37 patients with thalassemia treated at the Pediatric Department, Hue Central Hospital from 4/2012 to 6/2013.
Ultrasound findings of amebic liver abscess during medical treatment course
Hearing loss develops, followed by vertigo.
With the age of 1.0 ± 1.5 years old (from 5days to 7 years old), the body weight of 6.2 ± 3.2 kg (2.2 - 16 kg), these patients were the unreasonable for endocardial pacing.
Conclusions: This research was firstly determined the presence of an immunomodulatory protein isolated from cultured mycelia of G colossum in Vietnam.
Nutritional status and related factors among vegetarians in Ha Noi 2020-2021
Diagnosis is suggested by pain out of proportion to tissue injury, dysesthesia (eg, burning, tingling), and signs of nerve injury detected during neurologic examination.
If puberty is delayed, growth in height may slow considerably.
Because inguinal hernias can become incarcerated, repair should be done shortly after diagnosis.
Molecular epidemiology The reports show that beta-lactamases are encoded by lots of genes on plasmid or chromosome. Therefore, they are easy to transmit between species of Enterobacteriaceae family.
Gallstones are more common in women than in men, with a male / female ratio of 1: 1.1.
One of the main concerns with starting levothyroxine replacement is the precipitation of myocardial ischemia or arrhythmias, which, although rare, are known to occur.
The likelihood of having ED in the hypertensive group was 2.3 times higher than that of the non hypertensive group (OR, 95% CI: 2.3 (1.4 - 3.8).
Other ANA and anticytoplasmic antibodies The ANA test is very sensitive, but it is not specific for SLE; thus, evidence of other autoantibodies is used to aid in diagnosis.
Clindamycin alone is inadequate.
The study met the diagnostic and exclusion criteria.
Finding C botulinum toxin in suspect food identifies the source.
Evaluation of alveolar - arterial oxygen tension difference (aado2) and arterial - alveolar oxygen tension ratio (a/apo2) in neonatal repiratory distress
(2) Accuracy of fetal fibronectin test in predicting risk of spontaneous preterm birth: Synthesis 64 primary articles were identified, consisting of 28 studies in asymptomatic women and 40 in symptomatic women, with a total of 26 876 women.
Hypertension with coronary artery disease group had 73.5% of patients were assigned CB, the total rate of two classes effecting on renin - angiotensin - aldosterone system (RAAs) was 91.5% and CKCa was 49.9%.
The incidences of Refeeding syndrome were 41.4% during the first week, and 35.4% at the 3rd day of admision (accounting for 85.5% of total patients with Refeeding syndrome).
Immunomodulatory, cytotoxic, and immunosuppressive drugs Treatment with azathioprine or cyclosporine (an immunomodulatory drug) may provide efficacy similar to DMARDs.
Along with the rapid development of laparoscopic surgery, many centers have used assisted thoracoscopy in Nuss procedurefor pectus excavatum. With the creationsof a surgeon in each center, thoracoscopy can be done on the right chest, the left side or both sides, especially in cases of severepectus excavatumor recurrent pectus excavatum. Thethoracoscopyhas made Nuss procedure more convenient, less complicated and more effective in treating pectus excavatum.
ROC analysis demonstrated that our new rule (AUC, 0.978) was the best efficient model to distinguish ABM from AVM, followed by Cauwer (AUC, 0.946), Spanos (AUC, 0.938), Thome (AUC, 0.935), Nigrovic (AUC, 0.907), Freedman (AUC, 0.900), Hoen (AUC, 0.883), Schmidt (AUC, 0.880), Chavanet (AUC, 0.878), Bonsu (AUC, 0.812), Brivet (AUC, 0.790) and Oostenbrink (AUC, 0.774).
The results showed that: Prevalence of metabolic syndrome was 12.6% (in males: 9.3% and females: 15.7%); Low HDL-cholesterol had the highest rate (49.8%), the rate of hypertension was 36.9%, the rate of abdominal obesity was lowest (5.5%).
Duration of antibiotic using was 8.54 ± 1.827 average, more than 15 days. s.
Fasting blood sugar levels did not differ significantly among eating interval groups.
Methods: Isolate bacteria using dilution technique, then spread on Trypticase Soy Agar.
There was an association between sex (p=0.001), family history of hypertension (p=0.022), concomitant diabetes mellitus (p=0.025), duration of hypertension (p=0.033 and 0.028), number of groups of blood pressure drugs and total number of drugs used daily with blood pressure control results (p<0.001).
Preliminary experience with upper transnasal endoscopy
Conclussion: TRUS-guided perineal prostatic biopsy is rather easy & safe procedure.
Thus, demonstration of asbestos fibers may be helpful but is not necessary for diagnosis.
They may also involve cytokines (eg, gamma interferon, tumor necrosis factor) that can cause neutrophil apoptosis.
The proper incubator temperature varies depending on the neonate's birthweight and postnatal age, and humidity in the incubator.
If ICP continues to increase despite other measures to control it, the following may be used: Titrated hypothermia: When ICP is increased after head trauma or cardiac arrest, hypothermia in the range of 32 to 35° C has been used to reduce ICP to < 20 mm Hg.
Results: We performed urgent colonoscopy for detorsion and laparoscopic sigmoidopexy in one stage.
ROC analysis showed ADC threshold of 0.815 x10 - 3 mm2 / s, with the sensitivity and specificity were 81.8% and 100%.
Method: Case series report Results: The 101 study patients out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: Men more than women.
In an infected patient, the organism metabolizes the urea and liberates labeled CO2, which is exhaled and can be quantified in breath samples taken 20 to 30 minutes after ingestion of the urea.
Thereby the author suggests a number of solutions to create more opportunities for the poor in accessing health services and health care themselves.
Neonatal Hemochromatosis (NH) associated with Gestational alloimmune liver disease (GALD) is a rare disease accompanied by siderosis of intra - and extra-hepatic tissue.
Mild disease with a serosanguineous or purulent discharge and irritation of the external nares and upper lip occur in patients who have only nasal diphtheria.
Energy expenditure is required.
Tricyclic antidepressants (eg, imipramine 25 to 50 mg orally once a day) and NSAIDs in standard doses may relieve pain.
Patients and their families need to know that most often dying is actually gentle and not profoundly symptomatic.
Results: Perforators were located in discrete intermuscular septa. there are 5.65 ± 1.09 cutaneous perforators from tibialis artery, with average extrnal dimension 0.75 ± 0.26 mm and average length 4.26 ± 1.03 cm.
Mean operating time: 120 minutes.
The affected skin then turns gray with an erythematous border.
Contraindications to Penicillins Penicillins are contraindicated in patients who have had serious allergic reactions to them.
The majority of patients had cardiovascular risk factors (76.7%), the percentage of patients indicated for anticoagulation usage was 47.1%, whereas the percentage of patients taking anticoagulants was 32.4%.
Objectives: Hypertension is a common chronic disease with very high and severe disease-related mortality and disability.
Effective treatment and protection of aspirin and cilostazol with acute cerebral infarction stroke patients and atherosclerosis cerebral artery stenosis
The right side is affected most commonly, and about 10% of inguinal hernias are bilateral.
Case fatality is < 10%, except in acute septicemic melioidosis, which is frequently fatal.
Objective: To assess manpower needs of preventive medicine is a necessary job to help the operation of health facilities in the future.
If the patient's legal capacity seems questionable, such capacity should be assessed, but assessment should not be sought solely because the patient is refusing treatment.
In suburban and rural areas, larvae of Ae.
More ominous, however, are thinned areas of mucosa.
We also analysis the levels of sCD89 of 62 serum samples from seven longitudinal IgAN patients, who had followed up 15 years.
Research method: Determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of plant extracts by method of implantation on agar plates.
Knowledge, attitude about caring of patient's parent who have skin infections at internal medicine department, children hospital 2, 2009
Blood glucose, renal function tests, and electrolyte levels, including calcium and magnesium, should be measured if patients have diffuse cramps of unknown cause, particularly if hyperreflexia is present.
Purpose: This report introduces our method in treatment of meconium peritonitis by abdominal simple drainage.
Prevalence of diarrhea in children and associated factors in minh khai commune hoai duc district, hanoi in 2015
However, many research have confirmed psoriasis induces high waist circumference.
Overall, mortality in ARDS was very high (40 to 60%) but has declined in recent years to 25 to 40%, probably because of improvements in mechanical ventilation and in treatment of sepsis.
Rate of prescription drug use supplement: 22.86% labeled prescription supplements.
However, in up to half of women with PCOS, weight is normal, and some women are underweight.
Atrial escape beats are ectopic atrial beats that emerge after long sinus pauses or sinus arrest.
In the extubated postoperative group, Aldrete score was > 9 before being transferred to the ICU.
Deficient erythropoiesis has myriad causes.
The result showned that the rice consumption is 341, 8g / h/d.
Long-term use of alternate-day corticosteroid therapy can slow the decline in pulmonary function, but because of corticosteroid-related complications, it is not recommended for routine use.
Among patients aged < 30 years, orthostatic proteinuria should be considered.
Keywords: dengue hemorrhagic fever, kinematic progress of liver transaminase, abdomnal ultrasound
(C) Restrictive disorder (eg, interstitial lung disease, kyphoscoliosis).
The changing of bone marker among patients of hyperthyroidism treated by antithyroid in cho ray hospital
The protocol included 3 stages: control bleeding by vascular embolization or external carotid artery embolization, bone wax packing, and finally with curettage to remove the tumor tissue.
Amoxicillin has generally replaced ampicillin for oral use because amoxicillin is absorbed better, has fewer gastrointestinal effects, and can be given less frequently.
Recoveries in serum samples were 89.8 and 93.8%, respectively of the expected concentrations.
If pretest probability of DVT is low, DVT can be safely excluded in patients with a normal D-dimer level on a sensitive test.
The proportion of pulmonary artery hypertension (PAH), malnutrition and heart failure were 57%, 47% and 14.7%.
- Tumor control: complete response, partial response, stable - Side effect and adverse effect: radiation pneumonititis after radiation therapy (clinical assessment and chest CT), death (assessed and monitored by gastroenterologist, 108 Central Hospital), 2.3.
Chest CT Scan in Pulmonary Sarcoidosis This high-resolution CT of the chest of a patient with pulmonary sarcoidosis shows thickening of the bronchovascular bundles and beading of the interlobular septa.
Patients should receive nothing by mouth for at least 6 hours before bronchoscopy and have IV access, intermittent blood pressure monitoring, continuous pulse oximetry, and cardiac monitoring.
Endoscopic surgery with partial resection of the middle turbinate
Extrapulmonary TB at any site can sometimes manifest without evidence of lung involvement.
Only 10% of insulinomas are malignant.
Result: The percentage of HIV positive infant of group I is 4.1% and group II is 17.1%.
However, advanced imaging must not be allowed to delay surgery in patients with definitive symptoms and signs.
Diagnosis of metachromatic leukodystrophy is suggested clinically and by findings of decreased nerve conduction velocity; it is confirmed by DNA analysis and / or detecting enzyme deficiency in white blood cells or cultured skin fibroblasts.
Conclusions: Combined spinal - epidural anesthesia for knee and hip arthroplasty is safe and effective.
Conclusion The pharmacokinetic parameters of oral emulsified CsA has been recorded in Vietnamese healthy volunteers.
Assessment of the results of treatment neonatal acute respiratory disorder and some factors related
The prevalence of iron deficiency anemia of the first tremester pregnant women at bac lieu province, vietnam
Breath sounds diminish as the disorder progresses, and pulmonary consolidation, pulmonary hypertension, and respiratory failure with or without right ventricular failure may develop in advanced disease.
Results: The average total score of 7 hospitals is 245 and the average for the criteria of 7 hospitals is 2.99, which is just satisfactory.
This increased risk is not explained by genetic factors.
Invigoration effect was evaluated by Brekhman's mouse swimming test.
- Changes of Ligamentum flavum thickness before and after compressed MRI scanning: Compressed MRI increased the thickness of the ligamentum flavum in all 4 positions, having statistical significance with p <0.001.
The questionnaire had been translated to Vietnamese and validated by the national research in Vietnam in 2010.
Chronic diarrhea is the most common symptom and is what usually prompts evaluation of the patient.
Key Points Hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) is pneumonia that develops at least 48 hours after hospital admission in patients not receiving mechanical ventilation.
• Make Sure Your Health Sources are Credible: Learn what sets good health information apart and how to vet online medical sources.
Objective: Determining the causes of an irreducible anterior shoulder dislocation.
Materials and Methods: The Di hoang thang with different Phellodendron amurense doses: 6g, 8g, 10g, 12g (denote by DHT (6), DHT (8), DHT (10) và DHT (12) respectively) were extract with water (1: 10 w / v).
Success rates for nonoperative management are about 92% for grade 1 and 2 injuries, 80% for grade 3 injuries, 72% for grade 4 injuries, and 62% for grade 5 injuries.
The mean operative time of OS and LS was 95 and 96 minutes (p>0.05).
- Imaging characteristics of normal and malformation inner ear have been fully described for diagnosis and treatment.
Among sources of ADR reports, reports performed at health facilities play an important role in detecting adverse drug reactions of newly introduced drugs, serious adverse reactions, and adverse drug reactions which can be detected early.
DR P MARAZZI / SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY Petechiae (Hard Palate) Petechiae are characterized by small red spots as seen here on the palate of this patient.
So, we need the method to control them.
Important genitourinary symptoms include Vaginal bleeding: Ectopic pregnancy or abortion Syncope or near syncope: Ectopic pregnancy Urinary frequency, urgency, or dysuria: Urinary tract infection Vaginal discharge and history of unprotected intercourse: Pelvic inflammatory disease Important gastrointestinal symptoms include Diarrhea: Gastroenteritis, inflammatory bowel disease, or irritable bowel syndrome Vomiting: Due to many disorders, including gastroenteritis and bowel obstruction Obstipation: Bowel obstruction, irritable bowel, or a functional disorder Past medical history should seek disorders known to cause pelvic pain (eg, inflammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel syndrome, nephrolithiasis, ectopic pregnancy, spontaneous abortion).
The piercing branch I is very stable, easy to identify and is widely used in cutaneous flap to cover the ulcer at great trochanter and ischial tuberosity.
The purpose of this study is to determine the relationship between coronary artery lesions in ESRD patient demonstrated by multi-slice computed tomography (MSCT) coronary angiography and traditional cardiovascular risk factors.
Periampullary carcinoma arises within a radius of 2 cm of great duodenal papilla, including ampulla of Vater, the end of common bile duct, head of the pancreas, and the duodenum around ampulla of Vater.
Huntington disease results from a mutation in the huntingtin (HTT) gene (on chromosome 4), causing abnormal repetition of the DNA sequence CAG, which codes for the amino acid glutamine.
Subject and method: We evaluated a total of 62 patients (n = 62) suffered from the non-specific shoulder pain and frozen shoulder, who were admitted to our medical institution between June of 2016 and May of 2017.
In a large defect, there are numerous air-filled loops of intestine filling the hemithorax and contralateral displacement of the heart and mediastinal structures.
- Overall survival time: calculated in months from the time of surgery to the end of follow-up.
There were 99% cases compensatory sweating (mainly on the lower back and the anterior of thorax), but there were trasients ones.
If an etiology is not immediately obvious, the appearance and location of skin lesions can suggest a diagnosis (see Table: Some Causes of Itching).
With thoracic CT, normal variants and benign tumors, such as fat - and fluid-filled cysts, can be distinguished from other processes.
Evaluation of predictors for spontaneous sah on hospital admission
During pregnancy, many women have soft ejection murmurs at the 2nd intercostal space to the left or right of the sternum.
Fusion cell is rare (5%).
Carcinoma in situ (stage Tis) may be more aggressive than comparable papillary tumors and should be treated as high-grade tumors.
Formulation of enteric-coated pellets containing diclofenac sodium by coating technology.
This suggests that if someone who normally goes to bed at 1 a. m. goes to bed at midnight instead and sleeps the same duration, they could cut their risk by 23%; if they go to bed at 11 p m., they could cut it by about 40%.
This study aims at evaluating the effects of implantation method acupuncture point on the neck pain of neck osteoarthritis.
Conclusions: Thoracoscopic surgery for mediastinal tumors is a safe and technically feasible procedure and may offer significant postoperative advantages over open procedures.
Morbidity and mortality are significantly higher with EV-71 than with coxsackievirus A16 or other enteroviruses.
Dilating the eye with mydriatic drops can ease photophobia.
The lead contamination status and the physical and mental development status among the children aged of 3 to 14 years old - Proportion of children having BLLs ≥ 10 µg / dl was 65, 76% in general, 80, 51% in Ban Thi and 51, 92% in Tan Long.
Some patients first present with symptoms and signs of metastatic disease (eg, hepatomegaly, ascites, supraclavicular lymph node enlargement).
The Safety and Efficacy Evaluation of PRRS Attenuated Vaccine BG895 Strain in Experimental Pigs
Local wound infection can be treated topically with agents such as silver sulfadiazine, mupirocin, polymyxin B, and metronidazole.
However, many centers now do a 1-stage procedure in the neonatal period for short-segment disease.
Conclusion: Brachial systolic pressure is higher than central systolic pressure in patients with hypertension and normal blood pressure.
Glomeruli vary from normal to completely destroyed.
Reoperation to remove the CC is really necessary, although it is more difficult but the primary results is good.
Endoscopic septoplasty for relieve headache due to septal air cell at the spheno - ethmoidal recess: preliminary results
Clinical suspicion and a confirmatory diagnosis are essential because in most patients who die from acute PE, PE is not even suspected.
Diagnostic testing is used when uncertainties persist after the history and physical examination, particularly when the diseases remaining under consideration are serious or have dangerous or costly treatment.
Objective: We investigated the frequency of HLA-B * 1502 allele and the relation between HLA-B * 1502 allele and AEDs-related cutaneous reactions in Vietnamese epileptic patients.
Cyanopsia may occur for a few days after cataract removal or as an adverse effect of sildenafil and possibly other phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE5) inhibitors.
• Hormone replacement or supplementation should be initiated as a treatment for EFS, without documentation of endocrine deficiency or insufficiency.
Neuralgic pain follows nerve root compression.
The death rattle is noisy breathing that results from air moving across pooled secretions in the oropharynx and bronchi and often portends death in hours or days.
Insert the needle into the depth of the mucobuccal fold and advance parallel to the tooth until it contacts bone, aiming for the apex (1 to 1.5 cm to contact the adult maxilla).
Blood testing equipment - Inflammatory Factor Analyzer (Bio-Plex 200): testing for inflammatory cytokines such as TNF-α, IL-1β, IL-6.
Flexible ureterorenoscopy with laser lithotripsy is an attractive treatment option for renal stone: residual postsurgery, ESWL resistant, movement back into kidney in ureteroscopy, hard position for open surgery...
Some related factors of the obestity percentage of children are the obesity status of children's parents, the infant weight and the gender.
Treatment is mainly supportive; patients with herpes simplex or herpes zoster meningitis may be treated with acyclovir.
Positioning for Cerumen Removal It is important to position yourself and your patient so that you have an optimal view into the ear canal and both of you are comfortable.
Other mediators (eg, neuropeptides) can either cause the release of histamine or act as pruritogens themselves, thus explaining why antihistamines ameliorate some cases of itching and not others.
There was no complication noted with the technique.
and eosinophils, a protective role of inhaled corticosteroids in asthmatic patients with COVID-19, or due to increased ad herence and reduced environmental asthma triggers due to isolation.
There were 2 inconclusive MLPA test owing to an insufficient amount of DNA.
Result: The cell culture test using MC3T3-E1 cell line demonstrated that HAp improved both biocorrosion resistance and biocompatibility of the implant materials.
* Tomato Juice: It has been observed that adding two cups of juice obtained from tomato, to the bath tub will make you refreshing and free from malodor for a long time.
Treatment of recurrence depends on the time between the completion of platinum-based treatment and detection of recurrence (platinum-free interval [PFI]): A PFI of ≥ 6 months suggests platinum-sensitive disease.
Small - field CBCT is significantly more accurate in detecting small bone lesions, more sensitive than periapical films, and determining lesionsin three dimensions, more accurately than periapical films, especially in molars.
Comparison of the prescribing between the pre-using group and the post-using group showed that the rate of bacterial culture increased from 70% to 77%, in which the rate of culture indication before prescribing antibiotics increased from 14% to 45%, the initial antibiotic monotherapy regimen increased from 26% to 36%, the proportion of patients improved clinically after 72 hours increased from 64% to 89%, the rate of treatment failure at hospital discharge decreased from 12% to 6%.
Barium swallow may show absence of progressive peristaltic contractions during swallowing.
- Moderate periodontitis: ≥ 2 sites (different tooth), 5 mm≤ PD < 7 mm or ≥ 2 sites (different tooth), CAL ≥ 4 mm.
Factors associated with red blood cell transfusions in preterm infantsin children s hospital 1
Subjects and methods: 200 soldiers work in 2 engineer brigades, in which 100 soldiers directly work in underground works (research group), the remaining 100 soldiers did not work in underground works (control group).
The diagnosis should be obvious on the echocardiogram, which demonstrates the morphology of the ventricles to be reversed with the right-sided ventricle (morphologic LV) giving rise to a posterior pulmonary root and left-sided ventricle (morphologic RV) giving rise to an anterior and leftward aortic root.
Compared with other studies in the world, most studies have higher results than those at Pham Ngoc Thach Hospital.
Background: Spinal infections are rare pathology but are an important clinical problem that often require aggressive medical therapy, and sometimes even surgery.
Strangulated hernia and incarcerated hernia respectively accounted for 41, 2% and 58.8% among cases.
Clinicians can use MRI to identify muscle inflammation, as occurs in inflammatory myopathies.
Suspect Marburg or Ebola virus infection in patients with bleeding tendencies, fever, other compatible symptoms, and travel from endemic areas.
Keyword: Dietary counseling, Gout patient, local food, uric acid, blood biochemical indicators.
The sensation may also result from gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) or from frequent swallowing and drying of the throat associated with anxiety or another emotional state.
The remaining 5 patients (9.62%) were treated with 2 antibiotics.
Thirty six patients with prolapse at level II-III (IV) were recruited and applied successfully this method in endoscopy surgery at the hospital from April, 2008 to January 2010.
Ferritin was conversely correlated to total days of taking iron supplements in all three stages of pregnancy in PW without iron deficiency.
Patient presentation: The report was performed on a serious case with rupture of arteriovenous fistula aneurysm after transplant kidney's biopsy in 108 Milirary Central Hospital; the diagnosis was made in time and a emergency operations was done to remove hematoma and suture the graft's wound. The graft was good recovery after procedure.
The purpose of this study is to evaluate the result of transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP) in treatment benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) on the elderly.
Make sure all patients with mastocytosis carry a prefilled, self-injecting epinephrine syringe.
Objective: Until recently, intelligent optimization has been successfully applied in product formulation.
Background: Asthma is a heterogeneous disease, which is usually characterized by chronic airway inflammation. It is a global disease that is not only life - threatening to patients but financial burden to family as well as the society.
Keywords: arsen, coliform, E coli, GFAAS, bottled water
There was no association between plasma ALP levels and IS in multivariate analysis (OR=1.084, 95% CI: 1.074 - 1.094, p>0.05).
Contraindications are the same as those for lumbar puncture.
Another JAK inhibitor, tofacitinib (JAK 1 and 3) is currently under investigation.
The ratio of trans - thoracic and / or trans - esophageal echocardiographic findings of a floating thrombus in left atrial appendage is 3 (11%) and 24 (89%) respectively, p< 0.001.
According to the guidelines of the American Nuclear Heart Association (2010), tomographical images was discribed along the short axis, horizon long axis, vertical long axis and divided into 17 segments of the left ventricular myocardium corresponding to the region of perfusion of dominant coronary arteries.
14.7% cases had enclosed internal diseases, especial in diabetes.
TAPSE and FAC showed a fair correlation with r = 0.53.
Multiple enchondromas are seen in Morbus Ollier.
Conclusion: The study shows combining the treatment of carpal tunnel with internal medicine and 02 wrists therapeutic ultrasound has reduced the level of pain, numbness in patients, limited surgical intervention, improved the quality of patients' lives.
However, no statistical significance was observed between genotype and allele frequency of SNP rs2596542 in the patient and control group.
Iron may accumulate in the body because of Iron therapy given in excessive amounts or for too long Repeated blood transfusions Alcohol-related liver disease Overdose of iron Iron overload can also result from an inherited iron overload disease (hemochromatosis), a potentially fatal but easily treatable genetic disorder in which too much iron is absorbed.
However, increased plasma uric acid problems may be caused by insulin resistance which is the metabolic syndrome and the treatment hyperuricemia is still controversial.
Follicular cyst A dominant Graafian follicle sometimes fails to ovulate and does not involute.
Community-based intervention trial was conducted from 2015 to 2016 on 20 aluminum recycling households in Binh Yen village, Nam Dinh province.
Patients and methods: Patients: We reviewed the medical records of 107 elderly patients (aged ≥ 60 years old, male 59, female 48) indicated intermittent acute hemodialysis from July 2013 to July 2015 at Thong Nhat Hospital, Ho Chi Minh City.
Validity of PiCCO method - Determiningexact cardiac output.
At 30 days, mean VAS score in group of corticosteroid injection was low (0, 2 point).
Phyto-phospholipid complex (phytosomes) is helpful in enhancing oral bioavailability and transdermal permeation of Rutin.
Some clinical and subclinical characteristics and treatment results on epilepsy patients at Neurology Department, No.108 Central Military Hospital from 2014-2015
S Choleraesuis and S Typhimurium are the most common causes of focal infection.
Patients & Methods: This is a prospective case series study.
Nasal obstruction, purulent rhinorrhea, and frequent bleeding result.
Results: The prevalence of overweight and obesity in patients with T2D was 35.4%.
Displaced femoral neck fractures in older patients are usually treated with hip arthroplasty (replacement) to allow early unrestricted weight-bearing and to minimize the likelihood that additional surgery will be required.
Strictures' length ≤ 1 cm: 10 ureters, > 1 - < 5 cm: 13 ureters, ≥ 5 cm: 8 ureters, multi-level stricture: 5 ureters.
Possible factors include the following: Greater exposure to or heightened response to daily stresses Higher levels of monoamine oxidase (the enzyme that degrades neurotransmitters considered important for mood) Higher rates of thyroid dysfunction Endocrine changes that occur with menstruation and at menopause In peripartum-onset depression, symptoms develop during pregnancy or within 4 weeks after delivery (postpartum depression); endocrine changes have been implicated, but the specific cause is unknown.
Bacteria were isolated on YEMA with congored added, and assessed for the ability to synthesize trehalose using trehalose Kit K-TREH 07/17 (megazyme).
The maximum arch width was 47.90 ± 3.10 mm with 88% of the cases falling in the 1/4 posterior area.
The remedy "Kha tu cam cat thang" consists of 3 medicinal plants: Chinese licorice, Balloon flower root and Chebulic myrobalan fruit, which support lung qi to descend, suppress cough, nourish the throat area, tonify the yin, hence it can treat cough due to cold, hoarseness and loss of voice.
Subjects and methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 330 out-patients suffering from dyspepsia at the University Medical Center of Ho Chi Minh City.
Mean postoperative hospital stay (for patients with bladder stones only) was 1.6 days.
Subjects and method: Diabetes patients in Endocrinology Department of Phuc Yen hospital who use one of diabetes medications including Diamicron MR, Panfor SR and Insulin in a period from 01/9/2016 to 15/01/2017.
Regulatory (suppressor) T (Treg) cells mediate suppression of immune responses and usually express the Foxp3 transcription factor.
Carcinoembryonic antigen, cyfra 21-1, and neuron-specific enolasein non small cell lung cancer (nsclc)
It is likely related to a failure of formation of the foramen of Magendie in the fetus.
Treat with magnesium salts when magnesium deficiency is symptomatic or persistently < 1.25 mg / dL (< 0.50 mmol / L).
Background: Cardiomyopathy associated with pregnancy was first described more than half a century ago.
Mortality is 6 to 15%.
Results: There were 15 studies that met the inclusion and exclusion criteria were included in this review.
A combination of 3, 4, 5 metabolic components was 53.9%, 34.5%, 11.6%, respectively.45.5% of them was diagnosed fatty liver by abdominal ultrasound.
These markers can also be used to screen populations with high prevalence of celiac disease, including 1st-degree relatives of affected patients and patients with diseases that occur at a greater frequency in association with celiac disease.
Conclusion: Surgery is improved early neurologic function (96, 2%), and precise pathologic histology.
Background: According to World Health Organization 2019 estimates, more than 50 million people worldwide suffer from epilepsy.
Keywords: personalized mirror therapy, phantom limb phenomenon
Various opportunistic infections and cancers can develop and are the usual cause of death in untreated patients.
Syndrome of the sinking skin flap often comes with the progressive neurological symptoms.
SPSS version 2.0 was used to analyze the data. Resuls: the pass rate of the process construction, data archive, purchase selection was 83.3%; the pass rate of storage and preservation was 60.0%; the pass rate of the laboratory was 84.8% and standed at level 3.
There is very little information on the relevant factors of preoperative anxiety, particularly urology in the study area.
The end-diastolic filling pressure needs to be increased to the extent that it is possible to increase CO IfGEDV, SVV and PPV are available, they are reliable parameters and need to be maintained as normal levels.
Diagnostic tools, such as the Standardized Assessment of Concussion (SAC), or its subsequent versions (Sports Concussion Assessment Tool 2 [SCAT2], SCAT3, or the current version [SCAT5], which are available free online and can be downloaded to handheld devices), can help coaching staff, trainers, and inexperienced clinicians screen athletes on site.
If there is blood in the urine, other tests such as bladder cystoscopy (tube used to examine urinary tissue) and tissue biopsy may be done.
The chest radiographic abnormalities were seen including unilateral air trapping (45.6%), atelectasis (19.3%), and radiopaque objects (10.5%).
Protein c activity in patients with thrombophlebitis
Severity of the Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction may be lessened by giving acetaminophen 650 mg orally 2 hours before and 2 hours after the first dose of antibiotic therapy).
UV light emitted from tanning beds has been classified as a human carcinogen, and indoor tanning has been shown to increase the risk of melanoma.
Symptoms include recurrent, large-volume vomiting, occurring more frequently at the end of the day and often as late as 6 hours after the last meal.
In Galeazzi fractures (similar to Monteggia fractures), the distal radioulnar dislocation is easy to overlook with distal radial shaft fractures and should be specifically considered.
However, hypothermia can be protective by stimulating the mammalian diving reflex, slowing the heart rate, and constricting the peripheral arteries, shunting oxygenated blood away from the extremities and the gut to the heart and brain.
The ST elevation on the electrocardiogram was lower in the right bundle branch block group than in the no right bundle branch block group (p=0.021).
At the end of the study, 100% of patients had normal anal autonomy.
Key Points Most voyeurs do not meet the clinical criteria for a voyeuristic disorder.
Determination of copper and lead in the pesticides by atomic absorption spectrometry method
The abdomen is palpated for tenderness, organomegaly, and masses or tenderness, particularly in the epigastric and right upper quadrant regions.
Re-examine your patients periodically, regularly; set up a close coordination between doctors and patients to minimize stent restenosis and other cardiovascular events.
No recurrence and metastasis.
Clinical success was obtained in 88%, in which 11% patients were cured and 67% patients were improved, and 11% patients failed to respond to PTRA.
Abnormal flow-volume loop findings generally require follow up with CT or laryngoscopy.
Conclusion: Magnetic resonance images presented higher specificity, positive and negative predictive values, and accuracy than weight-bearing radiographs for knee osteoarthritis (according to other research).
Subclinical conduction abnormalities may be present (recognized on ECG or other studies), which might worsen with use of antiarrhythmics; such patients may require a pacemaker to allow the use of antiarrhythmics.
Clinical and biochemical characteristics of patients with maple syrup urine disease
Aortic involvement: Giant cell arteritis Retroperitoneal involvement: Lymphoma, sarcoma, granulomatosis with polyangiitis, Erdheim-Chester disease Lymphadenopathy: Sarcoidosis, lymphoma, Rosai-Dorfman disease, Erdheim-Chester disease Classification criteria for IgG4-RD published in 2019 (1), include 32 exclusion criteria that can help in making a differential diagnosis.
O blood group come to be the highest percentage (46%), next is B group and A group (32.8% and 16.6%).
Method: Prospective descriptive method with clinical intervention.
Triage can be particularly challenging because many patients affected by MCWs have no visible injuries and because many people at or near an MCI who were not exposed to the agent may have stress reactions (eg, hyperventilation, shaking, nausea, weakness) that mimic effects of MCW agents.
The range of hyperopia was 2 - 9 Diopte Sphere.
Therefore, we conducted this study with the aim of describing the clinical and para-clinical characteristics and fnding out the causes of hemoptysis in patients with antecedent of tuberculosis at Thai Binh Lung Hospital.
The Imidazol and Imidazoline derives have many advantages in therapy.
The average VAS at rest and movement of L0.125% - F group is always lower than L0.0625% - F group at most of monitored periods during the first 24 hours (p <0.05).
RBC injury may be identified by finding RBC fragments, portions of disrupted cells (schistocytes), or evidence of significant membrane alterations from sickled cells, oval-shaped cells (ovalocytes) or spherocytic cells.
Usually, when unmasked IRIS occurs, ART is continued.
Serologic testing for syphilis and HIV and cultures for herpes should be done to exclude other causes of genital ulcers.
If prolonged > 4 hours, priapism can lead to corporeal fibrosis and subsequent erectile dysfunction or even penile necrosis and gangrene.
For an abscess near the infraorbital or mental nerve, place the incision so as to avoid injury to these structures, and dissect carefully.
The study by Ringel et al. used a high-fat diet to provide new direction and evidence as to how overnutrition may selectively suppress tumor-associated T cells.
Although TIPS may result in fewer immediate deaths than surgical shunting, particularly during acute bleeding, maintenance of patency may require repeat procedures because the stent may become stenosed or occluded over time.
Conclusion: TEP repair was effective in treatment of inguinal hernias at province general hospital (no recurrence after 1 - 2 years followed up).
26 medicinal species (accounting for 7.18%) have been identified in Vietnam's Red Data Book (2007), 18 species were listed in Vietnam's Red List of Medicinal Plants, and 9 species were listed in the Governmental Decree 06/2019/NĐ-CP.
Facial paralysis accounts for a high incidence after surgery, but it will fully recover after 6 months.
Pathophysiology The pathophysiology of nausea and vomiting during early pregnancy is unknown, although metabolic, endocrine, gastrointestinal, and psychologic factors probably all play a role.
Exposure to bright late-afternoon or evening light delays the onset of normal sleep time, and exposure to early-morning light advances the biologic clock, so that sleep time is earlier than usual.
We conducted a study to compare the decurarizative results of sugammadex 1mg / kg or 0.5 kg / kg with neostigmine 40 mcg / kg at a TOF of 0.25.
Left ventricular dysfunction in type 2 diabetes patients with left ventricular hypertrophy
Keywords: medication adherence, diabetes
If ophthalmoparesis resolves after this rest, the result is positive.
The operative time is 160 minutes (excluding the time for radical cystectomy).
Keywords: mediastinal lesions, middle mediastinal lesions, lymph node tuberculosis.
However, accurate measurement of BP can be difficult.
In less severe cases of hypomagnesemia, gradual repletion may be achieved by administration of smaller parenteral doses over 3 to 5 days until the serum magnesium concentration is normal.
Deep infections may require addition of oral voriconazole 400 mg twice / day for 2 doses, then 200 mg twice / day; ketoconazole 400 mg once / day; fluconazole 400 mg once then 200 mg once / day; or itraconazole 400 mg once then 200 mg once/day.
Other identified risk factors include postmenopausal status, aging, obesity, and alcohol or sedative use (1).
Endometrial and blood cultures are not routinely done.
Laparoscopic management of gastric gist: the early results
Study Design: A cross-sectional study of 383 pregnant women at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks of gestation who sought prenatal care from Reproductive Health Center in Binh Thuan province from November 2017 to June 2018 was conducted.
Stone treatment outcome one month postoperatively: stone-free rate: 100%, amelioration of hydronephrosis in both mild and moderate group (p< 0.0001).
Relationship between HCV genotype and HCV-RNA load: There were a lot of researches in the world recording the role of HCV 1b genotype progressing into HCC.
The first shift of hemodialysis patient has more male than female, the third shift has more female patients than male.
The patients were examined common clinical symptoms, the risk factors and complications of the disease. Results: In 137 patients with male / female is 3.89 / 1, the average age was 49.51 ± 11.58. waist = 97.37 ± 10.82 cm; necklace = 39.78 ± 4.19 cm, BMI = 27.31 ± 4.71.
Some drugs are better tolerated if taken with food.
The group with knowledge of the disease, with severe prognosis, 56.7% refused this preference (p = 0.034).
Investigating the incidence, risk factors and predictive values right ventricular systolic dysfunction (RVSD) in adult patients undergoing open heart surgery.
There is a little change in anatomy ò pudendal nerve and it is esential for the use of ultrassound-guided pudendal nerve block techniques.
The classic lesion is annular with a violaceous center and pink halo separated by a pale ring (target or iris lesion).
Symptoms most frequently result from invasive necrotic lesions in the nose and palate, causing pain, fever, orbital cellulitis, proptosis, and purulent nasal discharge.
The most common organism isolated were Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA+), Escherichia coli and increased costs of treatment
Diagnosis of acne vulgaris is based on clinical findings and severity of the disease according to the Global Acne Classification System (GAGS).
This concept demonstrates the advantages of the Glisson pedicle control technique according to Takasaki.
Results: 60, 8 percent of patients with fallopian tube obstruction had prior vaginal infections (p<0, 05).
The characteristics of children with nephrotic syndrome at Bac Giang hospital for women and children
Prolonged bleeding (postpartum hemorrhage) may be a sign of infection or retained placenta and should be investigated.
Conclusion: The results of environmental measurement and the health conditions of workers were significantly improved compared with preceding studies.
Objective: The study was conduced to evaluate the roles of anthropometric, reproductive and lifestyle factors as the risk factors of breast cancer (BC) in female breast cancer patients treated in Oncology Hospital - Ho Chi Minh city. Methods: An unmatched case-control study was conduced from April 2010 to June 2010.
Situation and pathogenic fungal infection from the respiratory tract and antifungal drug resistance
The patient was divided into 3 groups: hemoclip group (n = 41), adrenaline injection group (n = 41) and the combination group: hemoclip + adrenalin injection (n = 41).
Pediatrics 141 (2): e20173068, 2018. doi: 10.1542 / peds.2017 - 3068 Blood tests A complete blood count and tests for inflammation (eg, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, C-reactive protein) may help diagnose infection in children with borderline urine findings.
Conebeam CT film has many advantages in the application of root canal system research.
Clinical effect of acupoint catgut embedding for the treatment of atopic dermatitis patients
Efficacy of labor epidural analgesia with bupivacain 0.08%associated fentanyl
Etiology of Sore Throat Sore throat results from infection; the most common cause is Tonsillopharyngitis Rarely, an abscess or epiglottitis is involved; although uncommon, these disorders are of particular concern because they may compromise the airway.
Check patients periodically for complications of tube feedings (eg, tube-related, formula-related, aspiration).
ELISA (blood venom levels): used to evaluate the effectiveness of the first aids, treatment measures and outcomes.
Knowledge and practice on food safety of direct food producers in pork ham establishment in Quy Nhon city, Binh Dinh province in 2017.
The specificity of autoantibodies in patients and in their relatives is frequently, but not always, similar.
Autoclaves were equipped in 96% of clinics, but only 84% reached good standards of sterilization. All clinics have clean tool storage and preservation, but only 82% have sterilized instruments.
Antimetabolites such as fluorouracil and methotrexate are cell cycle-specific and have a nonlinear dose-response relationship.
The majority of patients have muscular level of 4/5 (45.0%) in the upper limb.
Student t-test and chi square test were used to compare the necessary variables before conducting a logistic regression to determine the factors of prognosis.
The duration of irrigation depends on the clinical scenario and must continue until the pH is normalized.
English summary: The propagation of Saccharomyces cerevisiae in grapefruit juice has been optimized to obtain maximum population.
Patients can be taught to self-administer.
Symptoms are odynophagia and chest pain.
Dissemination of escherichia coli-producing β-lactamase (ESBL) and β-lactamase pAmpC within the food distribution system of Ho Chi Minh.
The prevalence of single vessel disease, angiographically normal coronary arteries, nonobstructive disease in group 1 were also higher and multi-vessel disease was lower than group 2 (45.5%; 33.3%; 12.1% and 9.1% in group 1 vs 33.3%; 2.8%; 2.8% and 61, 2% in group 2; p<0, 05).
Materials and method: In this in vitro study, 30 files as-recieved (Reciproc, HyFlex CM Pro, Neoniti) were cut into segments at 4 - 5 mm increment from the working tip.
There is no association between head lice and poor hygiene or low socioeconomic status.
Effectiveness of needle revision in the treatment of failed deep sclerectomy
In high-resource countries, women with HIV infection are advised not to breastfeed (see Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Breastfeeding and Special Circumstances).
Invetigation of the level of serum adiponectin, body index and their correlation in obesity individuals
Results: 10 VM were located in the craniofacial regions, 4 in the trunks and 14 in the extremities.
We report two rare and severe complications are diagnosed postoperation and anesthesia.
Average Birth Weight Lower With Metformin However, Feig showed that the average birth weight was lower for offspring of women given metformin than those assigned to placebo, at 3.2 kg (7.05 lb) versus 3.4 kg (7.4 lb) (P = .002).
For patients with moderate or severe pneumonia who require hospitalization, 2 sets of blood cultures are obtained to assess for bacteremia and sepsis.
Results: Computer tomographic could diagnose Wilms' tumors with a high sensitivity of 86.7%, specificity of 52.9%, accuracy of 77, 4%.
Mid-term results (19, 4 months): no incidence of death; RV-PA pressure gradient: 23, 21 mmHg; only one patient needed re-operating because of RV-PA pressure gradient was 80 mmHg.
Cleanse, anesthetize, irrigate, and, if necessary, debride the wound.
Methods: 4 defects of 8 mm diameter were created at the calvaria bone of 8 rabbits.
Puerperal mastitis, usually due to Staphylococcus aureus, can cause massive inflammation and severe breast pain, sometimes with an abscess.
Evaluation of treatment results for stage IV non-small cell lung cancer with Navelbin metronomic at Hanoi medical university hospital
Exercisers trained three times a week for 12 weeks and were encouraged to stay the course with behavioural support techniques that included perks like free parking, a well-equipped gym, flexible exercise schedules, variation in exercises, follow-up phone calls reminders and positive reinforcement by staff.
Campaigning people for voluntary blood donation without knowing the test result.
Prognosis is variable, but early diagnosis and strict adherence to treatment may delay disease progression.
Vulvovaginal candidiasis is common among women.
If traveling to such areas, pregnant women should talk with their obstetric clinician about risks of Zika virus infection and precautions to be taken to avoid mosquito bites during the trip.
Results: Two recipients: Nguyen Van Th., 33 y / o, male, ESRD treated with hemodialysis, cross-reactivity test negative, HLA antibodies negative, degree of HLA mismatching 4/6 (matched HLA B and HLA DR).
Donors undergo medical screening, psychological screening, and laboratory studies, including tests to evaluate risk of infection.
Patients who have only peripheral autonomic symptoms may have pure autonomic failure.
9 cases Cesarean had hysterectomy and 1 case had conservative treatment.
Result: In group 1: full recovery 4 cases (10%), effective 36 cases (90%), ineffective 0 case (0%).
Symptoms depend on which organs are affected. Diagnosis typically requires biopsy.
Lichen Planus (Outer Thigh) This image shows papules and plaques resulting from lichen planus.
Effect on systolic arterial pressure In most of the time of surgery, this difference compared with before surgery, both groups were statistically significant.
Sudden chills mark the onset, followed by high fever, tachycardia, severe headache, nausea, vomiting, muscle and joint pain, and often delirium.
Most patients have no clinical symptoms.
Other effective topical retinoids can include adapalene 0.1% cream or gel and tazarotene 0.05% cream or gel.
Some studies suggest that ACE inhibitors are superior to ARBs in preventing mortality and cardiovascular events in patients with diabetes.
There was a relationship between skin diseases and a number of factors (epidemiology: age of life, sex, occupational age, current employment and history of personal skin diseases) and the factors of occupational environment (wet and humid environment and wearing stockings in working). Conclusion: Prevalence of skin diseases of fish processing workers at Can Tho Pataya company was 51.7%.
In women, backache or pelvic pain is common; the initial lesions may be on the cervix or upper vagina, resulting in enlargement and inflammation of deeper perirectal and pelvic lymph nodes.
Polymer fume fever is a similar syndrome but results from exposure to heated tetrafluoroethylene (Teflon®) or overheated Teflon® cookware.
Knowledge, practice on food safety of waitresses at canteens of kindergartens in Hung Yen province in 2012
Study procedure Proceed to collect clinical and paraclinical information according to a separate research case form.
English summary: Nowadays, malnutrition status especially in remote areas is still a public health concern.
Because the bacteria can spread through the bloodstream to other parts of the body, bubonic plague may be complicated by hematogenous (secondary) pneumonic plague.
Some drugs approved by the FDA after phase 3 have been withdrawn from the market after newly recognized and serious adverse effects have occurred in phase 4.
Background: In traumatic shock or major trauma patients, the majority of early deaths, within the first 24 hours after admission, is 33 - 56% from uncontrolled massive bleeding.
Advantages of LASIK over photorefractive keratectomy (PRK) include the desirable lack of central stromal healing response (the central corneal epithelium is not removed, thereby decreasing the risk of central haze formation that occurs during PRK healing), the shorter visual rehabilitation period, and minimal postoperative pain.
In North America, blastomycosis is endemic in the regions around the Great Lakes and the Ohio-Mississippi River valleys (extending into the middle Atlantic and southeastern states).
Peter Openshaw, professor of experimental medicine, Imperial College London, said: "This beautifully designed study has already reported on the side effects of the 'mix and match' approach, and now reports the immunology results of the one-month dose interval.
The antimalarial drug Artemisinin (Art) and its derivatives have been explored as potential anticancer agents.
Inflammatory orbital disease, also called orbital pseudotumor, is inflammation that can affect any or all structures within the orbit.
Gram - positive bacteria isolated two strains were Staphylococcos spp. (4%) and Enterococcus spp (5%).
Results: From 9/2020 to 6/2021, we have treated 108 cases of deep neck infection on the background of diabetes: 53 males and 55 females.
Health care human resources in Hoa Binh province in 2010 and forecast demand for 2012-2015
Results: The prevalence of CED was 2.1%; the prevalence of overweight was 6.9%.
There hasn't been any research about the association between HPV infection and tonsil cancer in Vietnam.
These substances include vasoactive peptides (eg, calcitonin gene-related protein, substance P, neurokinin A) and other mediators (eg, prostaglandin E2, serotonin, bradykinin, epinephrine).
Objective: to assess of complete blood count of the voluntary blood donors at National Institute of Hematology - Blood Transfusion.
The average hospital stay of group 2 was 8.8 days, with 1 complication 14.2 days; had ≥ 3 complications 23.6 days.
Objective: Determine the correlation of factors population-economy-society with proportion fillings and endodontic in Tien Giang General Hospital.
Objectives: (1) To determine the ratio used of the antiplatelet drugs and anticoagulants in treatment of cerebral infarction. (2) To determine the ratio and level of drug interactions of antiplatelet drugs and anticoagulants.
Results: The mean time interval between baseline and follow-up cardiac MRI was 132.4 ± 7.6months.
To assess the percentage of anxiety and associated factors among lecturers of four universities in Ho Chi Minh City in 2022.
But this method could not prevent recurrence of the lesions.
The echogenicity of pleural fluid and changes in the pleura and adjacent lung parenchyma also help determine the etiology of pleural fluid.
There were no significant difference in MMSE score between gender, age group and disease duration (p>0.05).
Conclusion: Surgical indications for these patients were the same in those with normal kidneys.
Effect: psychological effect: stress 89.4%; depression 43.6%; Physical effect: 45%, want to change working place 26.6%.
Objectives: Synthetizing and analyzing the clinical features of ANCA associated vasculitides (AAV) through the patient's documentation.
Results: After zolgensma infusion, 04/5 had fever, 02/5 had vomiting, 01/5 had diarrhea.
Application of cr scanner in diagnosis of cancer of the jaws
If ongoing urate-lowering therapy is not initiated, patients can develop chronic deforming arthritis from tophaceous gout due to ongoing urate deposition.
Extract features and classification of chest x-ray images
Laryngeal mask airway (LMA) The LMA is a tube with an inflatable cuff that is inserted into the oropharynx.
Evaluation should include questions about family history of amblyopia or strabismus and, if family or caregivers have noticed deviation of gaze, questions about when the deviation began, when or how often it is present, and whether there is a preference for using one eye for fixation.
The hydrogen breath tests have replaced bacterial cultures of aspirates taken during endoscopy for diagnosis of SIBO.
When urine culture is done, choice of antibiotic should be modified when culture and sensitivity results are available to the most narrow-spectrum drug effective against the identified pathogen.
Data was collected by using self-administrated questionnaire with three parts: demographic characteristics, learning environment characteristics, and volunteer' motivation.
Conclusion: The prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia in COPD patients was higher than that in normal agematched persons.
Patients and methods: A prospective, applied research was conducted on patients including adults and children who were implanted Ahmed glaucoma valves with the use of the dehydrated scleral patch grafts to cover the tubes in HCMC Eye Hospital in 2009 - 2010.
However, if the optic nerve appears abnormal during ophthalmoscopy, orbital MRI is better for finding cancer extension into the optic nerve or choroid.
Premelitary evaluation of the immunogenicity of the whole virion inactivated enterovirus 71 vaccine in animal
Initial assessment of cefazolin prophylaxis in gynecologic surgery at Hanoi obstetrics and gynecology hospital
Background: Cardiovascular disease is the major cause of death in dialysis patients, as well as in kidney transplant patients.
Ophthalmia neonatorum is prevented by the routine use of silver nitrate eye drops (not available in the United States) or erythromycin ointment at birth.
Besides using regiment of Gemcitabine (Gemzar) or Paclitaxel (Taxol), we also apply a combination chemotherapy of Mitotax and Carboplastin or Cisplatin for 8 lung cancer patients with or without operation.
For most first bleeding episodes before 36 weeks, recommend hospitalization, modified activity, and abstinence from sexual activity.
Keyword: Gelatin, pig skin, extraction, temperature, pH File attachments:
Pathophysiology of Porphyria Cutanea Tarda Porphyria cutanea tarda (PCT) results from hepatic deficiency of uroporphyrinogen decarboxylase (UROD—see table).
This study aims to evaluate the clinical utility of dual-energy computed-tomography (DECT) technique in staging and characterizing gastric cancers.
"We don't have data on that for immunocompromised patients or patients with HIV.
This pain is often described as a substernal squeezing pain and may occur in association with exercise.
He also offered to give additional support to the patient.
Determine characteristics of trigger factors in acute heart failure patients admitted to the emergency department at thong nhat hospital
- The home rehabilitation model at home has brought real effects to improve motor function for children with CP who have mobility difficulties due to birth defects: the most increased change was in the group of about 50 - <60% reference points GMFM-66 and the difference between two assessments was 18.2 points.
With some types of bursitis (eg, olecranon, prepatellar), swelling and sometimes erythema may be localized at the bursa.
The mean liver stiffness in our study was higher than the population mean value, the difference was statistically significant (p < 0, 001).
Nausea and Vomiting in Infants and Children By Deborah M Consolini, MD, Thomas Jefferson University Hospital Reviewed / Revised Nov 2022 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Etiology Evaluation Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Some Causes of Vomiting in... Nausea is the sensation of impending emesis and is frequently accompanied by autonomic changes, such as increased heart rate and salivation.
English summary: The study was conducted in 1854 people from 30 to 75 years old, who lived in rural areas of Vu Thu district, Thai Binh province.
Results of nursing care for post- operative patient with trauma brain injury at Viet Duc university hospital 2022
One of the main causes is due to extended-spectrum β-lactamase-producing phenotype (ESBL).
Cystatin C is a prospective new marker of AKI.
Laparoscopic cystectomy in a bag: a new surgical technique for teratoma
Genetic testing is advised if a diagnosis cannot be made based on clinical grounds or if genetic counseling is desired.
The most common symptoms were headache (96, 7%), nausea and vomiting (67, 2%), and visual disorder (45, 9%).
Objects and methods: 86 patients diagnosed of diabetes following the ADA 2015 criteria, fasting glucose ≥ 126 mg / dL (or ≥ 7.0 mmol / L) and HbA1C > 6.5%.
Calluses are more superficial, cover broader areas of skin, and are usually asymptomatic.
DORV has a wide spectrum of anatomy and physiology depending on the size and location of the ventricular septal defect (VSD) and the presence and degree of pulmonic stenosis.
Treatment of spinal muscular atrophies is mainly supportive.
A clot can be detected by showing poor compressibility of the vein or by showing reduced flow by Doppler ultrasonography.
Until now, the guideline of the Vietnam Ministry of Health and several pieces of research have confirmed the effectiveness of traditional medicine in managing Covid-19, especially for mild levels.
The experiments were carried out according to the Box-Behnken design to establish the optimum conditions for improving the quality of maprang wine.
Objectives: To assess the clinical effects of the crown lengthening surgery in the treatment of excessive gingival display (EGD), commonly termed gummy smile.
Methods: A single-masked, randomized, clinical trial with 40 chronic periodontitis patients was conducted at Faculty of Odonto-Stomatology, University of Medicine and Pharmacy, Ho Chi Minh City.
Nail bed or matrix damage may result in permanent nail deformity.
Lenke's classification system is designed for doctors to plan surgery based on the classification of curves.
Trismus prevents the condyle from returning to the mandibular fossa, which prevents closure of the mouth.
Background: It was the aim of this study to analyze the clinical manifestations, the incidence of each variant and the comorbid conditions of benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV) as well as the response to treatment. Methods: Forty-one patients with BPPV were reviewed prospectively, case series.
An FDG-PET scan provides additional information regarding active inflammation and is usually also done.
The prevalence of enemia was 30.9%.
PEX should be administered as soon as possible, within 24 - 48 hours after the onset of illness and is applied until the TG concentration is <5.6 mmol / l.
Keywords: Fallopia multilflora Thunb., processing, antioxidant, total phenol, neutralized free radicals.
Neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and platelet to lymphocyte ratio (PLR) have been shown to predict the severity of various diseases related to inflammation.
Leptospirosis is characteristically biphasic, although a few patients have only a fulminant monophasic illness.
The estimated blood loss: 130 ± 90 ml.
Results: The infection rates of Toxocara spp eggs of Quang Ngai and Dak Lak provinces were 14 - 16% and 34 - 37.5%, respectively.
There were 57 cases of bacterial meningitis and 56 cases of viral meningitis.
Hepatic involvement causes painless hepatomegaly, which may be massive.
If TCD4 decreases, human will face a high risk of infections.
Chronic kidney disease suggests the presence of secondary hyperparathyroidism, but primary hyperparathyroidism can also be present.
To contribute a premise for future studies, the authors have reviewed documents about Alangium salviifolium (L f.) Wang., such as botanical, chemical components (alkaloids, flavonoids, streroids, terpenoids, tannins, and polyphenols), biology activities (antibacterial, antifungal, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, analgesic, anti-cancer, cytotoxic, anti-peptic ulcer, hepatoprotective, hypoglycemic, diuretic...).
General anesthesia witn propofol 1% was choiced for all of cases.
We reported 1198 cases of ovarian tumors which were operated at Hue Central Hospital from 01 / 01 / 2001 to 31/12/2005.
When they penetrate the skin, they lose their forked tail and transform into schistosomula, which travel through the bloodstream to the liver, where they mature into adults.
Role of laparascopic gastrectomy and lymphadenectomy for treatment of gastric cancer
Conclusion: Postprandial increase of waist circumference is 1.43 - 1.88 cm.
Combination of the 3 examinations had the detection rate of 83.9%.
Once the epiglottis is found, the operator may use one of 2 techniques to lift it: Typical straight blade approach: The operator picks up the epiglottis with the tip of the laryngoscope blade Typical curved blade approach: The operator indirectly lifts the epiglottis and moves it out of the line of site by advancing the blade into the vallecula and pressing against the hyoepiglottic ligament Success with the curved blade depends on the proper positioning of the blade tip in the vallecula and the direction of the lifting force (see figure).
Results: Knowledge score of nurses were just above average (56.7% for clinical ward nurses and 55.3% for outpatient ward nurses).
The fetal risk from radiation at doses typical of imaging tests that pregnant women are likely to undergo is very small compared with the overall risk of birth defects (2 to 6% observable at birth) and the potential diagnostic benefit of the examination.
This result is similar to Issa (2004), Finley (2007), Michielsen D (2010).
The rate of BKV infection at month 1 after kidney transplantation was statistically significantly lower than this rate at month 6 and month 9 after transplant.
Clin Endocrinol Metab 102 (5): 1413 - 1439, 2017. doi: 10.1210 / jc.2017 - 00131 Pathophysiology of Amenorrhea Normally, the hypothalamus generates pulses of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH).
They may appear in urine when a hereditary or acquired tubular transport defect (eg, Fanconi syndrome, cystinuria) is present.
But the mean timeof desquamation of research group was lower than the control group, statistically significant difference, with p< 0.01.
Evaluation on life quality and gender psychology in teenager aged 12 to 18 after hypospadias repair surgery
The median age was 66 years, the age group 65 - 74 accounted for the highest proportion.
Doctoral student: Bui Anh Tuyet Director of thesis: Assoc. Prof.
Analyzing associations between EMVI on MRI (mEMVI) and other features of MRI and pathology of rectum carcinoma.
- Complete hemostasis: electro-surgery or hemostatic suture, selective hepatic artery ligaturing, liver resection.
Higher levels indicate possible hepatotoxicity.
We have not been able to consult foreign authors on the relationship of concentrations of cytokines.
Determine serum leptin concentration, insulin resistance and the relationship with other factors in pre-diabetes population.
Comparing KDIGO with AKIN, the AKI proportion based on KDIGO was higher (48.58% vs 46.96%) but it was not significant (p>0.05).
English summary: spray drying method such as optimal raw ripeness, application of pectinase enzyme treatment for improving "Ba màu" mangoes juice recovery efficiency and the concentration of soluble dry matter when mixing with maltodextrin that were suitable for drying.
Corticosteroids are helpful in severe cases.
The composition of medicinal plants used for the treatment of skin diseases by the Thai ethnic minority at Muong La nature reserve, Son La province
Coronary artery spasm is identified by finding significant ST-segment elevation on ECG or by observation of a reversible spasm during cardiac catheterization.
Symptoms and Signs of ADPKD Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease usually causes no symptoms initially; one half of patients remain asymptomatic, never develop renal insufficiency or failure, and are never diagnosed.
Natural vaginal birth 19/28 (67.9%); having vaginal operated 9/28 (32.1%).
The most common complication was pleural effusion.
A clinical prediction rule can help estimate the risk of pulmonary embolism.
There was one death in conventional thoracotomy group.
As separation continues, the uterus may be painful, tender, and irritable to palpation.
Symptoms and Signs of CLL Patients are often asymptomatic early on, with insidious onset of nonspecific symptoms (eg, fatigue, weakness, anorexia, weight loss, fever, and / or night sweats) that may prompt evaluation.
For neonates born with a serious medical condition or who need immediate intensive care, determining physical and neurological maturation factors to assess gestational age or anthropometric indices is quite difficult.
Normal pH of the eye as measured with pH paper is about 7.0.
No mortality and intraoperative accident, complications included 3 cases (bleeding, pancreatitis and CBD leakage.
Leber hereditary optic neuropathy (LHON) LHON is characterized by acute or subacute bilateral central vision loss caused by retinal degeneration.
Objectives: Determine the level of physical activity of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus at Can Tho University of Medicine and Pharmacy Hospital.
Our results showed that SOCS1 mRNA expression level in adjacent non-tumour tissues were significantly higher than in HCC tissues (p=0.003).
Results: mean stimulated flow rate is 1.3 ml / min, females exhibited lower flow levels (p < 0.05).
The most common manifestations are cough, hemoptysis and history of Pulmonary tuberculosis with bad compliance (shortage of treatment duration or wrong dosage).
Head and neck In a vertex delivery, the head is commonly molded with overriding of the cranial bones at the sutures and some swelling and ecchymosis of the scalp (caput succedaneum).
These procedures provide good short-term symptom relief, but long-term efficacy is poor (ie, patients often develop recurrent varicose veins).
The distribution of SHV between susceptible and non - susceptible cephalosporin group were not different significance.
Positron emission tomography (PET) imaging of the vasculature is another emerging approach to assess vulnerable plaque.
A sunburn that reddens the skin or suntan that darkens the skin may make blemishes less visible and make the skin feel drier.
They can also be multiloculated.
Background: Melioidosis or Whitmores disease is an infectious disease caused by Burkholderia pseudomallei, clinical manifestations are diverse, with long-term treatment, high mortality and easy to relapse.
Conducting experiments by real-time PCR method on swab and stool samples collected from pediatric patients with suspected HFMD.
In the most common forms, accumulated hormone precursors are shunted into androgen production, causing androgen excess; in rarer forms, synthesis of androgens is also inadequate.
Ultrasound-Guided Insertion of an Arterial Catheter into the Radial Artery VIDEO Insert the needle into the radial artery using ultrasound guidance Using your nondominant hand, place the probe tip on the skin, always proximal to the anticipated needle-insertion point.
Research subjects: 47 children who meet the criteria for diagnosis of GH deficiency are being treated as outpatients at Saint Paul l Hospital.
The tumor size was often larger than 5 cm diameter (80.8%).
The median values of NLR and PLR, and the mean value of RDW in patients with atherosclerosis were significantly higher than in patients without atherosclerosis (p < 0.05).
Suggestive findings include joint space narrowing and bony spurs extending from the metatarsal head or sometimes from the base of the proximal phalanx.
Invasive mole and choriocarcinoma are suspected if biopsy findings suggest invasive disease or if beta-hCG levels remain higher than expected after treatment for hydatidiform mole (see below).
(See also American Academy of Head and Neck Surgery Practice Guidelines on management of cerumen.)
After H0.25 time, VAS points at the time of the study of both research groups decreased gradually over time, but the reduction was not statistically significant compared to the time H0.25.
This typical temporal pattern distinguishes byssinosis from asthma.
Prevalence of enterobiasis among kindergarten children in cu chi district, ho chi minh city, from september 2008 to may 2009
Possible agents include baclofen, bethanechol, cisapride, domperidone, erythromycin, and metoclopramide.
Objective: To evaluate insulin resistance in human with impaired fasting glucose.
Results: In research, the rate of pregnant women with good knowledge is 13.28%, the rate of pregnant women with good attitude is 5.47% and the prevalence of pregnant women who want to undergo vaginal delivery is 97.92%.
Some congenital GI malformations, such as malrotation, have a very good outcome, whereas others, such as congenital diaphragmatic hernia, have a poor outcome (mortality rate of 10 to 30%).
AF amyloidosis (familial amyloidosis) AF is caused by inheritance of a gene encoding a mutated aggregation-prone serum protein, usually a protein abundantly produced by the liver.
Most patients are hospitalized.
Most tumors (83.8%) located at the upper lateral quarter.
From the above reasons, we carried out the project Research on Myocardial deformation by speckle tracking echocardiography in patients with chronic kidney disease with two objects: 1 - Survey on the clinical, subclinical and myocardial deformation in chronic kidney patients with a normal left ventricular ejection fraction.
There's decrease value of tumor marker after treatment but has not significant.
Pretreatmenths-CRP and IL-17A levels in psoriasis vulgaris patients 4.2.1.2.
The most index of PEEP and FiO2 was 7 cmH20 and 41 - 50%.
Surgical operation is the radical treatment but not always feasible.
Results: All patients were operated for inguinal hernia using the totally extraperitoneal repair.
To survey the metabolic syndrome in psoriasis patient and its relationship with clinical features.
The content of medical staff's advice that patients can follow only accounts for 13.3%.
Conclusion: Vitamin K1 is effective in treating poisoning with poison bromadiolon and flocoumafen.
Introduction: Evaluate the outcome of surgical treatment depend on improvement of clinical symptoms, postoperative complications, and other relevant factors.
Prevention of Insect Stings People who have had anaphylaxis are at risk from subsequent insect stings.
Severe chronic ulnar palsy causes a clawhand deformity.
Baseline maintenance requirements by the weight-based Holliday-Segar method are 100 mL / kg × 10 kg = 1000 mL / day = 1000 mL/24 hours or 40 mL/hour.
Treatment of Nummular Dermatitis Supportive care, including counseling Antipruritics Corticosteroids (most often topical) Phototherapy Treatment of nummular dermatitis is similar to that of atopic dermatitis and includes counseling, antipruritics, corticosteroids, and sometimes phototherapy (particularly narrowband ultraviolet B).
The results showed that 131 children with HSP were eligible to participate in the study, including 116 children with gastrointestinal signs and 15 children without any gastrointestinal signs.
Whether dyspnea is hypoxic or nonhypoxic must be determined by pulse oximetry and sometimes arterial blood gas; chest x-ray can help differentiate fluid overload from atelectasis.
Method: A case - control study was conducted at Cho Ray hospital.
Classification of Infective Endocarditis Infective endocarditis may have an indolent, subacute course or a more acute, fulminant course with greater potential for rapid decompensation.
Main co-mobirdities are hypertension, CVA (66.7%), diabetes mellitus (50%).
Metabolic Syndrome (Syndrome X; Insulin Resistance Syndrome) By Adrienne Youdim, MD, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA Reviewed / Revised Aug 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Criteria Often Used for Diagnosis... Metabolic syndrome is characterized by a large waist circumference (due to excess abdominal fat), hypertension, abnormal fasting plasma glucose or insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia.
In general, the maximum concentration of HMs in vegetables detected in the order of Cd> Pb> As> Cr> Hg.
About 75% are pedunculated and may prolapse through the mitral valve and obstruct ventricular filling during diastole.
Calcaneal fractures may be intra-articular.
The characteristics of successful TIPS patients and some complications related to the procedure.
THE ROLE OF FDG PET / CT SIMULATION IN RADIOTHERAPY PLANNIN NASOPHARYNGEAL CANCER Purpose: To establish the role of FDG PET / CT simulation in radiotherapy planning nasopharyngeal cancer (NPC).
Chickenpox is widely distributed disease with varying in age, seasons, climate, and resident of people.
Keywords: sleep disorders, methadone maintenance treatment, systematic review, meta - analysis
- The PEX group has higher triglyceride and cholesterol levels and decreases faster than without PEX group.
Method: A randomized clinical experimental study with split-mouth design was undertaken in 15 healthy patients requiring extraction of two first premolars.
Study Design: Case report and literature review.
+ From this list, you could find the departments and units where neutropenia patients were treating to collect necessary information into the research record.
For patients identified as at-risk drinkers, treatment may begin with a brief discussion of the medical and social consequences and a recommendation to reduce or cease drinking, with follow-up regarding compliance (see table Brief Interventions for Alcohol Problems).
Although superficial foreign bodies often spontaneously exit the cornea in the tear film, occasionally leaving a residual abrasion, other foreign bodies remain on or within the cornea.
The accuracy of laparoscopic diagnosis was 100% and complete laparoscopic management was achieved in 98.3%.
Conclusions: The most of patients with chronic kidney disease in the pre-dialysis phase had moderate-poor quality of life.
Most patients seeked treatment at chronic stage of diseases with chronic pulpitis (38.4%) and chronic periapical periodontitis (30.8%).
Each represents a different degree of ductal and stromal proliferation.
Surgical treatment challenged by aneurysmal site, size, wide neck, calcification and intrasaccular clot.
Postpericardiotomy and post-MI syndromes may be difficult to identify and must be distinguished from recent MI, pulmonary embolism, and pericardial infection after surgery.
The patients who had CT scan had higher rate of non - operative treatment than the group not taken (69.4% compared to 11.3%) (p <0.05) - 80.0% of CT scan detected abdominal fluid.
Evaluation of the safety and adverse effects of intubation with video-assisted laryngoscope and laryngoscope with Macintosh for cervical surgery.
Gas Toxicity During Diving By Richard E Moon, MD, Duke University Medical Center Reviewed / Revised Apr 2023 View Patient Education More Information Various physiologic (eg, oxygen, nitrogen, carbon dioxide) and nonphysiologic (eg, carbon monoxide) gases can cause symptoms during diving.
Because the atmosphere filters the radiation, only UVA and UVB reach the earth's surface.
For patients receiving long-term immunosuppressive therapy, clinicians should discuss risks and benefits of vaccination and / or revaccination with an infectious disease specialist.
The following factors have impact on the outcome of ASCT: - The number of peripheral blood CD34+ stem cell before leukapheresis and collection: There was a closed relationship between this number with the number of stem cell collected and indirect impact in engraftment process.
However, the shift from using the state budget to implementing financially self-sufficient or financial autonomy mechanisms often brings challenges to the organizational structure and operation of non-business healthcare units which had served communities without profits for a long time.
Average GCS at admission is 7 - 8 (5 - 13), 10/21 patients have mydriasis, 19/21 hemiplegia, average maximum blood pressure is 190 mmHg, most patients have money history of hypertension and alcoholism, 5/21 admission before 4 hours.
The right general pratice at home was 94.8%.
Study design - Objective 1: Prospecive, cross-sectional study to describe some relating factors and clinical features of psoriasis with metabolic syndrome - Objective 2: Prospecive, cross-sectional study to evaluate the metabolic syndrome in psoriasis vulgaris patient and its relationship to the clinical features.
Percentage of tumor was discovered on the radiographs was 88, 31%; 100% mediastinal tumor was discovered by CT-scaner with anterior mediastinal tumor and superior-anterior mediastinal tumor rate 59, 74%; midle mediastinal tumor rate 18, 18% and posterior mediastinal tumor rate 22, 08%.
Evaluate the rate of compliance with hand hygiene, in some faculties at thai nguyen central general hospital in 2017
Because most intracellular potassium is contained within muscle cells, total body potassium is roughly proportional to lean body mass.
Lesions are not uncommon on the faces of children.
Perforation of the uterus during the abortion typically causes severe abdominal pain.
In patients with essential tremor, gait is often normal, but tandem gait (placing heel to toe) may be abnormal.
The primary treatment for insomnia is cognitive-behavioral therapy, which ideally should be done before hypnotics are prescribed.
Screening and diagnosis are by retinal examination performed by an ophthalmologist, which should be done regularly (usually annually) in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Changes in the rate, depth, or noise of breathing may precede other signs of respiratory depression.
Background: Patient satisfaction is generally considered as an indicator to improve the quality of health services.
Rarely, fine-needle aspiration biopsy, typically under ultrasound guidance, is necessary to distinguish infection (eg, abscess), hemorrhage, thyroid cancer, or lymphoma from subacute thyroiditis.
Objects: 774 blood donors at blood donation points in Hanoi city.
Treatment is often with relaxation therapy, sometimes combined with drug therapy.
Mean time of desquamation is 8.1 ± 2.2 days, less than that of the control group.
History of atopy does not increase risk of anaphylaxis but increases risk of death when anaphylaxis occurs.
When CSF is involved, opening pressure may be increased, and CSF has elevated levels of lymphocytes (≥ 6 cells / mcL), total protein, and nonspecific IgM.
Organ failure may ultimately require kidney transplantation or liver transplantation.
Symptoms and Signs of Q Fever The incubation period averages 18 to 21 days (range 9 to 28 days).
Among psoriasis patients with metabolic syndrome, 57.6% of patients with hypertension; 9.4% of patients with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT).
Results: studying subjects are mainly female (83.5%), the average age is 60.9 ± 9.3, where urban is equivalent to rural, 40.5% is secondary education.
Treatment of refractory disease should be conducted with input from a cardiologist and rheumatologist.
X-rays lesion according Lawrence and Kellgreen classification: 94, 4% grade 4 and 5, 6% grade 3.
The proportion of schoolgirls having right menstrual hygiene was 74, 6%.
The research found a statistically significant difference between the time to search for information and the information retrieval process (p<0.05).
Conclusions: The majority of perirectal lymph nodes are small.
Check for injuries, test for pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections, collect evidence that can provide proof of rape (eg, smears of the buccal, vaginal, and rectal mucosa), and maintain chain of custody.
Myocarditis after COVID-19 vaccination was first described in February 2021 in Israel, then a series of cases were reported statistically in the United States and Europe [7].
Discovering allergy history based on Sample 25b of WHO, classifying functional symptoms and body level by Total Nasal Symptom Score (TNSS).
Prevention of Folate Deficiency Anemia in Pregnancy For prevention, all pregnant women and women who are trying to conceive are given folic acid 0.4 to 0.8 mg orally once a day.
A stronger conclusion about this association will be have if the analysis is conducted in a sample of 800 cases/800 control with the power of 75%.
Background: Non-small cell lung cancer is one of the leading cancers in terms of number of cases and deaths.
Conclusion: Antibiotics used in the treatment of multidrug-resistant gram-negative infections are mostly consistent with reference guidelines.
Treatment is with praziquantel or niclosamide.
Because of antibiotic resistance, multidrug regimens are used.
Tonic (sustained) contraction of axial muscles may begin abruptly or gradually, then spread to the proximal muscles of the limbs.
Treatment of GISTs is surgical removal.
- Toshiba Aquilion ONE 320-slice computed tomography machine (Japan); Automatic injectors; Non-ionic contrast medium (Xenetix 350mg/100ml).
Average operation time, bypass time and cross-clamp time were 170 + 50, 82 + 13 and 50 + 15 minutes, respectively.
Objectives: Pulmonary contusion is a consequence of a direct bruise and severe injury on the lung and is the leading cause of death in the thoracic trauma.
Ulceration and crusting are common.
Detection of enterotoxin genes in staphylococcus aureus strains
Method: A retrospective case series study.
Background: Human gnathostomiasis is an important food-borne parasitic zoonosis, caused mainly by eating raw meat of fish especially frogs, snakehead, swamp eels, snakes,...
Serum calcium and phosphate are monitored closely and the dose of rhPTH is increased or decreased at intervals of several weeks as needed up to a maximum of 100 mcg once a day or down to 25 mcg once a day.
There were statistically significant differences in mean values of CRP (p= 0.008) and PCT (p= 0.000) between groups with sepsis and without evidence of sepsis.
In general, the serum total calcium concentration will fall approximately 0.8 mg / dL (0.2 mmol / L) for every 1 g / dL (10 g / L) reduction in serum albumin concentration.
Very occasionally, they are used to treat leukemias.
Objective: To identify some factors related to hypoglycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes at Bac Ninh Provincial General Hospital.
Conclusions: Resistance to immunosuppressive drugs was demonstrated as the only predictor of ESRD in children with SRINS.
There was no abdominal and extra - abdominal septic complication as well as wound infection. Conslusion: Laparoscopic surgery in treatment of perforated peptic ulcer is safe and effective and can be applied widely in most of case of perfoerated peptic ulcers.
Nutritional status of people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the National Lung hospital in 2021
Keywords: Kidney biopsy, IgA nephropathy, renal histology.
If there is concomitant impingement on cervical roots, patients may experience paresthesias and weakness in the affected nerve root distribution at the level of the stenosis.
Symptoms of sweating, tremor and dry mouth also reduced by more than half at the end of week 4 (p < 0.001).
Therefore, the mobilizing with pressure 40 cmH2O in 40 seconds helps improve the blood oxidizing level.
However, if LV dilation or dysfunction is present, drug therapy using an angiotensin receptor blocker, neprilysin inhibitor (eg, sacubitril), aldosterone antagonist, and / or vasodilating beta-blocker (eg, carvedilol) is indicated.
Chronic effects Any drug that causes euphoria and diminishes anxiety can cause dependence, and marijuana is no exception.
Methods: The research was conducted from November 2019 to June 2020.
Results: five species of mushrooms often caused poisoning in Bac Kan province were identified.
Limited data suggest that treatment with immune checkpoint inhibitors, which activate the immune response to the JC virus, is sometimes helpful.
NEC rarely occurs before enteral feedings have begun and is less common among breastfed infants.
Conclusions: Common clinical signs in Post-Cesarean myometrial Infection are fever, digestive disorders, lower abdominal pain and uterine tenderness.
During vegetative growth samples were taken every six hour for carotenoid analysis by HPLC.
* Some wounds typically are not dressed (eg, facial lacerations and those within areas that have hair).
Report five cases applying amniocentesis for rubella fetal diagnosis by Real-time PCR at the National Hospital of Obstetrics and Gynecology
Keywords: Thalassemia, screening, osmotic fragility, MCV, MCH, DCIP, IEF, AUT-PAGE.
UGT1A1 * 60 is a T-to-G substitution at nucleotide - 3279 in the phenobarbital-responsive enhancer module of UGT1A1 gene, which reduces the transcription activity of UTG1A1 gene.
It is recognized to rise as a consequence of several factors, including infection, surgery, acute illness, and rarely, trauma.
Keywords: Asthma, allergic rhinitis, asthma control test (ACT), CARATkids (Control allergic rhinitis and asthma test for children).
Pearls & Pitfalls Patients with only microscopic hematuria who are hemodynamically stable after blunt trauma do not require imaging for diagnosis of renal injury.
Such encapsulated collections are termed pancreatic pseudocysts or walled-off necrosis according to their contents; a pseudocyst contains only fluid, and walled-off necrosis contains both fluid and solid necrotic material.
Keywords: Vasoactive inotropic score, open heart surgery, National Hospital of Pediatrics.
Objectives: To determine the characteristics of epidemiology, clinical and paraclinical in preterms screened for ROP at Neonatal Department of Dong Nai Children's Hospital from March 1st, 2012 to May 31th, 2013.
Conclusion: We should have a high index of suspicion for mesenteric ischemia in patients with unexplained abdominal pain and shock.
It is necessary to support and provide health advice about psychological and sociality, as well as advice about sexual function for breast cancer patients.
The intervention group was treated the same as the control group and adding Bio-acimin Gold include: Lactobacillus; Bacillus subtilis; Streptococcus faecalis; DHA; Coenzyme Q10; Beta Glucan; Immune gamma, zinc, calcium, selenium and vitamin B group. Indicators are monitored before treatment (T0) and after treatment (T2) are weight, height, serum zinc levels, hemoglobin and serum Immuno-globulin A concentrations (IgA), gastrointestinal symptoms and dietary intake.
Both technics of tonifying or dispersing are effective but the last technic was shown better results.
Results: 45 hemifacial spasm patients were operated on consecutively over 39 months.
Other sensations—eg, hyperesthesia, hyperalgesia, allodynia (pain due to a nonnoxious stimulus), and hyperpathia (particularly unpleasant, exaggerated pain response) —may also occur.
However, the patient's satisfaction with hospital hygiene stood at only 72, 4%.
The analgesic effect of extracts and fractions of Sanchezia nobilis Hook.f. leaves
Dental radiography 1.3.1.
Clinical and paraclinical characteristics of pediatric Crohn’s disease at the Vietnam national children’s hospital
Additional immunomodulatory drugs should be considered, particularly for patients with rapid deterioration or signs of systemic inflammation.
Background / Objectives: Admission hyperglycemia leads to poor outcome in patients with brain trauma.
Double outlet of the right ventricle usually combines with other intracardiac or extracardiac lesion. The primary results is good with the survival rate is 81% after 2 years follow up.
Antibiotics Antibiotics effective against group B streptococci are given pending negative anovaginal cultures (2).
The prick test is used first.
Conclusion: Tests have many different degrees of variation.
THE VALIDITY AND RELIABILITY OF EFFORT REWARD IMBALANCE QUESTIONNAIRE, STUDYING IN PSYCHOSOCIAL WORK ENVIRONMENT OF HEALTH PROFFESSIONALS The Effort Reward Imbalance (ERI) questionnaire is widely used in many countries in the world to study psychosocial work environment, but it has not been used in Vietnam.
Research on morphology of some of primary adrenal tumors
Cow's milk-based formula is the standard choice unless spitting up, diarrhea (with or without blood), rash (hives), or poor weight gain suggests sensitivity to cow's milk protein or lactose intolerance (extremely rare in neonates); then, a change in formula may be recommended.
The mean hospitalization time was 4.27 ± 1.59 days.
Keywords: Chronic Kidney Disease, End Stage Renal Disease.
Definition of septic shock - Septic Shock: is a subset of severe infection, in which there is the presence of extremely severe circulatory abnormalities, cellular metabolism.
Health education about COVID-19 knowledge and prevention should be combined with blood donation campaigns.
Any of these compounds can create mass casualties.
The major antigen is probably Zymogen cysteine proteinase exotoxin B (Zymogen / SPE B).
Objective: To evaluate the pain-relieved effect and improvement in lumbar spine's motor function of Hoan chi thong combined with electric acupuncture on patients.
For Ho Chi Minh City, the biggest economic and medical center in Southern Vietnam, the development of services for the citizens' medical examination and treatment to meet their needs is necessary.
Excessive use of caffeine, tobacco, or alcohol, which can impair fertility, is discouraged.
Similarly, the percentage of patients who meet protein needs also increased daily and reach a peak on day 7.
Conclusion: Vietnamese version of IPAG questionnaire is a useful tool for asthma screening in the community and be able to use in the practical conditions in Vietnam.
Result of management of antibiotic prophylaxis in surgery at Vietnamese-Swedish Uongbi hospital
Study on women suffering unrutured ectopic pregnancy treated by single dose Methotrexat at Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital of Hanoi
Rational use of drugs has been major concern of hospital staff of Nguyen tri Phuong (NTP).
Benefits include Reduced mortality rates, even for smokers and the obese Preservation of skeletal muscle strength, aerobic capacity, and bone density, contributing to greater mobility and independence Reduced risk of obesity Prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disorders (including rehabilitation after myocardial infarction), diabetes, osteoporosis, colon cancer, and psychiatric disorders (especially mood disorders) Prevention of falls and fall-related injuries by improving muscle strength, balance, coordination, joint function, and endurance (1) Improved functional ability Opportunities for social interaction Enhanced sense of well-being Possibly improved sleep quality Physical activity is one of the few interventions that can restore physiologic capacity after it has been lost.
Conclusion: There are relations between the frequency of adenoid infection and otitis media.
IV acetaminophen An IV formulation of acetaminophen that is designed for use in hospitals and in patients > 2 years of age has been associated with several hundred reports of overdoses, including several dozen fatalities, several in children.
Dietary energy intake of the patients was insufficient and unbalanced compared to the Recommended Dietary Allowances.
Conclusion: The synthesized compounds have been proven purity and structures by melting point, UV-Vis, IR, MS, NMR.
The most common cause is traffic accidents (54.8%), then accidents at work 16.7%.
Studying propofol in endoscopic surgery
Diagnosis of Progressive Rubella Panencephalitis Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) examination and serologic testing CT Sometimes brain biopsy The diagnosis of progressive rubella panencephalitis is considered when a child with congenital rubella develops progressive spasticity, ataxia, mental deterioration, and seizures.
However, students tended to like Read / Write than others.
Objective: (1) identify minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of N gonorrhoeae to some antimicrobials (2) identify phenotypes of some N gonorrhoeae strains.
Introduction: Postoperative infections are common complications in colorectal surgery patients.
Patients presented with symptoms and signs of acute intestinal obstruction and diagnosis of ileocaecal intussusception confirmed by ultrasound were included in this study.
One – year result of intermediate lession intervention of coronary atery guided fractional flow reserve (ffr)
Results on 186 patients of endometrial cancer stage I and II underwent surgery, with or without adjuvant treatment based on the standard guideline have shown the mortality rate was 15.1%, the recurrence rate was 8.1%, metastasis rate is 16.7%.
Myopia1 12.7% and 19.6% (Spherical Equivalent at least - 0.50 diopters), hyperopia 0.4% and 0.2% (SE at least + 2 diopters), astigmatism 11.2% and 9.6% (SE at least 0.75 diopters) and anisometropia 2.0% and 3.3% (SE difference at least 1diopters).
- Difficulty in determining the location and size of the perforator vessel as the flap stem.
Lesions heal slowly, with scarring.
Medical abortion is really a method using medicine to terminate unexpected pregnancies, which has been studied for many years in both modern and traditional medicine.
Result: We have 40 patients: 21 substitution and 19 augmentation cystoplasties.
Cell membranes are biologic barriers that selectively inhibit passage of drug molecules.
Objective: To review the incidence, signs, and symptoms, of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) due to antimycobacterial medications given to HIV-positive and HIV-negative people.
On the 27 th postoperative day, the wound could close completely, and the patient could be discharged successfully.
Keywords: acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema, noninvasive positive pressure ventilation, elderly patients.
Pathology Increased nuchal translucency is thought to be related to dilated lymphatic channels and is considered a nonspecific sign of more generalized fetal abnormality.
How are adrenal gland disorders diagnosed?
90.9% of the pieces met the excellent standard, and 9.1% of the samples had a good position.
However, there is a lack of knowledge concerning the difference of other spinal angles (besides head flexion or neck flexion angle) between neck pain patients and pain-free persons.
Severe complications may be death, and debility specially, long day in hospital and other problems.
A major predisposing factor for atopic dermatitis is the existence in many patients of a loss-of-function mutation in the gene encoding for the filaggrin protein (1).
Evaluation of nutrition treatment compliance after consulting in type 2 diabetes patients in Hue Central Hospital.
These patients should be taught to self-monitor for warning signs and have skin surveillance as part of their primary care (see diagnosis of moles).
Clinical manifestations of splenic trauma were those of hemoperitoneum (48.5%) and peritonitis (16.5%); the diagnosis of splenic injury was established by clinical examination, ultrasonography, computed tomography (CT) and abdominal laparoscopy with accuracy of 35%.
Moreover, both the infection and death rates are expected to proportionally increase further as the disease rapidly spreads across different continents, and failure to contain the virus may lead to more cataclysmic effects than expected.
However, supporting evidence is not definitive.
Screening colonoscopy Screening colonoscopy is recommended for patients at high risk of colon cancer and for everyone ≥ age 45.
Conclusion: The correct diagnosis and the way of suitable treatment to reduce symptoms and improved healthy markedly.
Ten of 25 patients (40%) without distant metastasis diagnosed by CWU were modified more advanced stage of the disease on PET / CT.
The situation of blood donation collection and blood products supply at the National institute of hematology and blood transfusion in the period 2018 - 2021
Patients with coronary artery disease may benefit additionally from ACE inhibitors and beta-blockers.
Treatment of recovery and relief / reduction accounted for 51.90% and 34.18% respectively.
Cervical traction Cervical traction is often indicated for chronic neck pain due to cervical spondylosis, disk prolapse, whiplash injuries, or torticollis.
Pericarditis with effusion or pleurisy can occur.
However, the number of approved drugs is still very limited due to their effectiveness and side effects.
All clothing is removed.
Research concentration of troponin I in patients with acute myocardial infarction
Any fluid or substance routinely given IV (including medication and blood products) may be given by intraosseous infusion.
Diagnosis of Chronic Eosinophilic Pneumonia Chest x-ray and high-resolution CT (HRCT) Exclusion of infectious causes of pneumonia Bronchoalveolar lavage Diagnosis of chronic eosinophilic pneumonia is suspected in patients with characteristic symptoms and typical radiographic appearance.
Engaging the parents as co-investigators is essential.
Medical evaluation includes a detailed family history, the child's medical history, a physical examination, and a neurologic or neurodevelopmental examination to look for underlying disorders.
4.2 Impact of LAM and TDF in late pregnancy in interrupting mother to child transmission of HBV 4.2.1 HBV infection of umbilical cord The presence of HBV in umbilical cord blood indicates the transmission of HBV from maternal blood to the baby from intrauterine period and during labor.
Overview of Rehabilitation By Salvador E Portugal, DO, New York University, Robert I Grossman School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Aug 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Geriatric Rehabilitation Rehabilitation aims to facilitate recovery from loss of function.
Feverfew is not recommended for children or for women who are breastfeeding.
Evaluating effects of lercanidipne versus amlodipine in patients who had an ischemic stroke with hypertension
Timing of surgery requires experienced clinical judgment.
Methods: Prospective, randomized, comparative clinical trial, 60 patients with oocyte retrieval were randomly assigned to 2 groups.
Oral calcium preparations have a high sucrose content, which may lead to diarrhea in preterm infants.
We obtained some results: a) The position of Sylvius in the space both hemispheric brains is the same in a, people. b) There are three shape of Sylvius, S - shape is almost case.
The product was preliminarily evaluated to have the anti-inflamation effect in mice. Conclusions: Building a complete cream formula that met quality standards, the total flavonoid content was not lost much after the preparation process Key words: Vitex negundo L, the total flavonoid content, quality standards.
Introduction: Edwardsiella ictaluri is the causative agent of Enteric septicemia in catfish (ESC).
LFA was first implemented by Foldes in 1952 to maintain anesthesia for patients [54], [64].
Early results of vascular surgery at Hanoi medical university
Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional study in which data collection was done during 3 months, a checklist was based on clinical practise and sent to the department, the decision to switch was left to the discretion of the attending physician and data was calculated by "cost of illness" formulation.
Materials and methods: A descriptive study was conducted from September 2012 to September 2014.
Red flags The following findings are of concern: Weight loss Blood in stool (occult or gross) "Gas" sensation in chest Interpretation of findings Chronic, recurrent bloating or distention in a patient with abdominal pain that is related to defecation and associated with change in frequency or consistency of stool but without red flag findings suggests irritable bowel syndrome.
An inverse relationship between duration of asthma and% predicted FEV1 or FEV1 / (F) VC was noted.
Treatment of Tinnitus Treatment of the underlying disorder may lessen tinnitus.
The rate of good implementation of essential care procedures during and immediately after cesarean section at all steps accounted for 61.6%.
These patients were pleased and significant level of symptomatic rhinosinusitis improvement.
However described, chest pain should never be dismissed without an explanation of its cause.
Male reproductive dysfunction is caused by many factors, including heat stress.
Cystoceles and cystourethroceles are detected by applying a single-bladed speculum against the posterior vaginal wall while patients are in the lithotomy position.
Rate of patients responding well to treatment after 48 hours in suitable empiric antibiotic group was 2 times higher than unsuitable group. Length of fever, high WBC, hospital stay in suitable group are all shorter than unsuitable group.
Subjects and research methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study on 350 patients in the surgical waiting room at the Anesthesia and Resuscitation Department - Ninh Binh Provincial General Hospital.
For most patients, an initial dose of prednisone 40 to 60 mg orally once a day (or equivalent) for 4 weeks, followed by gradual tapering, is effective.
Establish IV access.
Anesthesiologists need to understand the pathogenesis of the disease, the predisposing factors for the occurrence of arrhythmias, and the drugs that can trigger the arrhythmia.
The upper limit of normal urinary protein excretion is considered to be 150 mg / day, which can be measured in a 24-hour urine collection or estimated by random urine protein / creatinine ratio (values > 0.3 are abnormal); for albumin it is about 30 mg/day.
Moderate periodontitis decreased to 28.9% (before treatment: 80.3%).
Begin smoothly and cyclically (about 2 cycles per second) moving the arm up and down, about 5 cm above and below the horizontal plane.
Patients with Prader-Willi syndrome may be treated with human growth hormone.
Investigation of oil extracted from calophyllum inophyllum l. on healing process of surgical woundsin mouse model
The neccessary of the subject Organ transplantation is the last - line treatment for patients with end-stage organ failure which can help the patient to have a new life.
Positive predictive value: 54.5%.
Symptoms and Signs of Urethral Cancer Most women present with hematuria and obstructive voiding symptoms or urinary retention.
Dimensions from apical bone walls to anatomic structures of the first lower molars on ConeBeam CT
Study the correlation serum levels of ADH with the severity of traumatic brain injury using the Glasgow scale, cerebral edema by CT, serum IL6.
This increased sophistication leads to an enhanced awareness of self and the ability to reflect on one's own being.
Some drugs do seem to improve the likelihood of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and thus may reasonably be given (for dosing, including pediatric, see table Drugs for Resuscitation).
On average, the fruit group has higher SI (approximately 1.9 times more than white bread) and the protein - rich foods are 1.4 times higher.
The others 9 cases have good results.
Objectives: How to treat the serious hydronephrosis caused by the ureteropelvis junction obstruction in the newborn: operate or survey?
Material and Methods: case-control study involved 87 patients with cleft lip and palate and 81 healthy controls. Participants were sampled by saliva and DNA was extracted from this saliva samples.
Generalized dystonia may be inherited or secondary to another disorder or a drug.
The mean MI, PMI and MCI were statistically significant differences between 30 - 50 years old group and >50 years old group (p<0.001 respectively).
Study of endoscopic and histopathological characteristics of esophageal carcinomas
The main cause of hospital malnutrition in acute stroke patients was the difficulty in feeding because of dysphagia, cognitive decline that needed stomach tube feeding and of gastric reflux 54.8%.
Background: Bien Hoa Airbase was a severe dioxin hot spot and the results of pre-intervention KAP survey in 2007 showed that local people had very limited knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) on dioxin and measures to prevent dioxin exposure.
Complications Complications are uncommon and include Local infection Venous thrombophlebitis The above complications can be reduced by using sterile technique during insertion and by replacing or removing the catheters within 72 hours.
Helicobacter pylori infection also increases lymphoma risk.
The most common solution is LET, which consists of lidocaine 2 to 4%, epinephrine 1: 1000 or 1: 2000, and tetracaine 0.5 to 2%.
About 40 to 60% of patients with gastrinoma have multiple endocrine neoplasia.
Less often, intracerebral hemorrhage results from congenital aneurysm, arteriovenous malformations, other vascular malformations, trauma, mycotic aneurysm, brain infarct (hemorrhagic infarction), primary or metastatic brain tumor, excessive anticoagulation, blood dyscrasia, intracranial arterial dissection, moyamoya disease, or a bleeding or vasculitic disorder.
This technique should be performed under the ultrasound guidance to increase the safe.
The mother having education level bellow high school had 2.3 time (OR=2, 3; 95% CI: 1, 2 - 4, 6: p<0, 05) and 2.0 time (OR = 2, 0; 95% CI: 1, 0 - 3, 9; p < 0, 05) higher risk of below cutoff and monitor skills on fine motor and personal-social skills as compared to those having education equal or above high school.
Methods: This is a cross-sectional survey from 100 health professionals who are working at some hospitals and medicals stations in Quang Nam province. This survey has been carrried out from May to June in 2006, using self-completed questionaire.
These patients were treated with MMF and Prednisolone for 6 months.
Design: prospective cohort study.
Conclusion: The pediatric orbital tumors have specific characteristics.
Clinical features and haematology in patients with cirrhosis are alcohol abuse at Viet-Tiep Hai Phong Hospital
Multiple rounded nodules in the lung appearing over a relatively short time (Caplan syndrome) represent an immunopathologic response related to rheumatoid diathesis.
The purpose of this study was to define the risky factors over the patients colon cancer who underwent operation.
Main monitor of PiCCO system (Pulsion-Germany) and catheter PV8115 of Pulsion 2.4.4.
We present a liver recipient with a diagnosis of acute liver failure, MELD score 40, cirrhosis, hepatitis B, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus. The preoperative condition was severe coagulourly, plasma exchange four times.
With DBM method, the remaining calcium quantity in the bone samples were lower 5% (according to ARCTS, AATB standard) with 2 chemical kinds and 175.39 hours.
However, several alternatives are available.
At this time, the COVID-19 vaccine has not been studied in children, and they're not authorizedTrusted Source to receive the vaccination.
Resolution of apathy, edema, and anorexia is a favorable sign.
The features of visceral pseudoaneurysm due to abdominal blunt trauma on ct scan
Applied research of fibro test for estimating liver fibrosis on the patients infected with chronic hepatitis B virus
Objective: Describe CT features of active bleeding in hepatic trauma.
The objective of this study was to assist doctors in diagnosing pneumonia in children aged 1 to 5 years, through chest X-ray images.
Conclusion: Schools have well implemented the school sanitation, but have not ensured the quality of drinking and domestic water.
Keywords: Preterm infants, patent ductus arteriosus, paracetamol.
The aim of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of two-dose phenylephrine for prevention of spinal anesthesia-induced hypotension during cesarean delivery.
Dalbavancin does not artificially prolong PT or PTT.
Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 149 pregnancy women at DaNang hospital for women and children from 01/2020 to 06/2020.
According to Hontanilla's studies, it was 7.8 mm.
Early diagnosis and timely operation are neccessary to improve outcome.
Treatment and prevention of acute exacerbations are with bronchodilators, clearance of secretions, antibiotics, and management of complications, such as hemoptysis and further lung damage due to resistant or opportunistic infections.
Urologic sequelae of urethral valves include urinary hesitancy, decreased urinary stream, urinary tract infection, overflow incontinence, myogenic bladder malfunction, vesicoureteral reflux, upper urinary tract damage, and renal insufficiency.
Outline of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and acute ST - elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) ACS is a term refer to symptoms associated with acute ischemic heart disease, often due to a sudden reduction in coronary artery blood flow (coronary artery).
Conclusions: Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography has a high sensitivity in the diagnosis of bile duct stones in the patient with gallstones. But with small stones (less than 5 mm), the specificity is not high.
Audiogram typically shows a low-frequency sensorineural hearing loss in the affected ear that fluctuates between tests.
Treatment of Juvenile Angiofibromas Excision and sometimes radiation therapy Treatment of juvenile angiofibromas is excision.
With DVT prophylaxis, there is always a risk of bleeding during use of anticoagulants.
Mechanical devices and procedures Men who can develop but not sustain an erection may use a constriction ring to help maintain erection; an elastic ring is placed around the base of the erect penis, preventing early loss of erection.
Objective: To compare the efficacy of matricectomy with CO2 laser and with phenol 88% in the treatment of ingrown toenails.
Dexfenfluramine and fenfluramine were removed from the US market in 1997.
Results: - Drugs used for treating mental disorder includes 4 groups.
Children Who Witness Domestic Violence One in 15 children are exposed to intimate partner violence each year, and 90% of these children are eyewitnesses to this violence.
Hemodialysis is popular of patients with renal failure; however, many adverse events are particularly associated with high rates of arrhythmias.
Progestogens (eg, medroxyprogesterone acetate 10 mg orally once a day or depot 150 mg IM once a month, megestrol acetate 10 to 20 mg orally once a day, progesterone 300 mg nightly) are sometimes used alone to relieve hot flushes when estrogen is contraindicated, but they are not as effective as estrogen for hot flushes and do not relieve vaginal dryness.
The successful rate was 54.3%. All patients with closed PDA were successfully weaned from ventilation and NCPAP, necrotizing enterocolitis improved, had no left atrial dilation on echocardioghraphy.
Serum TSH, free T4, and T3 should be measured in all patients in whom there is a clinical suspicion of subacute thyroiditis.
However, the role of MMP-12 in COPD remains controversial and has not been studied in Vietnamese patients.
Patients who fail to respond to amoxicillin or penicillin can be switched to amoxicillin clavulanate 500/125 mg 3 times a day for 7 days; those with allergy to penicillins can be given metronidazole 500 mg 3 times a day for 7 days along with their initial regimen (1).
Methods: The cytotoxicity of the different dilutes extracts of premixed-CSBS (1: 1, 1: 2, 1: 4 and 1: 8) toward the hSCAPs was assessed in vitro and compared to the control group using the Alamar Blue assay at 24-hour, 48-hour and 72-hour period.
Subgroup surgical indication for triple valvular disease would have depend on age, sex, cadiac rhythm and severity of mitral valve lesion before operation
Characteristics of root canal system 1.1.2.
Outpatient satisfaction and some related factors at outpatient department, Hospital of post and telecommunications, 2020
RIGHT: Sigmoid carcinoma with limited fat stranding.
Objectives: Study of efficacy and complications of ventricular septal defect treatment by percutaneous intervention with NIT OCCLUD LE coil.
Key Points Hypertension may be constant or episodic.
Objective: Investigation of related factors of respiratory failure in GBS children.
Minimally invasive endoscopic heart surgery is gradually becoming a trend to replace sternotomy with good results, including the treatment of atrial myxoma.
The anatomical variations of anterior inferior cerebellar artery: unilateral aplasia 30%, bilateral aplasia 10.4%, unilateral duplication 1.3%, bilateral duplication 5.8%, triplication 0.2%.
Results: The prevalence of good nutritional practices of patients accounted for 37%.
"As a result of these trials, what we may be seeing is that doctors of people with diabetes may have backed off a bit on glycemic control, with potentially damaging results," Selvin speculated. However, many new, safer diabetes drugs have become available since those trials, she noted, although cost is an issue.
If the 1st ray elevation cannot be reduced by these means, an extended 1st ray elevation pad may be helpful.
Evaluating the effectiveness of using aloe vera cream as supporting treatments in herpes zoster.
Objective: to introduce endoscopic underlay transcanal Myringoplasty: endoscopes, instruments, how to do it.
Testing usually involves giving the 23-valent polysaccharide pneumococcal vaccine (PPV), with quantitative measurement of antibody response; most clinicians assess response to 12 to 14 serotypes.
The results of the study have provided some initial information on the burden of caring for people with schizophrenia, different levels of burden as well as the unique characteristics of life satisfaction of scholarly patients with schizophrenia who are inpatient treatment, thereby giving appropriate direction to improve the quality of nursing practice education.
The rate of drug interactions is 75%.
Study of standardization of “con moc miet tu”
If inhalational exposure is mild to moderate, symptoms may resolve spontaneously over a period of hours to days.
Relationship between serum iron and characteristics social population in patients with Helicobacter pylori infection
Health care services such as nutrition counseling, dietary needs contributed a high proportion.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4 (CTLA-4) is another checkpoint protein that prevents immune system attack and can be similarly blocked by a specific antibody.
To determine some causes ofpostpartum hemorrhage (PPH) at Nam Dinh Hospital for Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Klebsiella pneumoniae produced classical β-lactamase, AmpC induced β-lactamase, ESBLs and carbapenemase with the proportion of 100%, 2.8%, 58.8%, 38.4% respectively.
Results: The majority of patients (ranged from 75.3% to 97.5%) recognized the typical clinical manifestations of venous insufficiency of the lower extremities.
To determine the nutritional status of cancer patients inpatient treatment at Long An General Hospital according to body mass index (BMI), Albumin and lymphocytes blood.
Gadoxetate-enhanced MRI is more sensitive than CT and can differentiate subtypes of adenomas at increased risk of progressing to malignancy (2).
The extravesical ureteral reimplantation technique appears simple and rapid and brings in good results.
This is the recommended FDO2 concentration threshold for anesthesia [69], [79], [125] and was used by other authors during low-flow anesthesia [61], [126].
Prevalence of HPV 16 and 18 were higher in invasive cancers compare to SIL.
The level of C - reactive protein, α2-macroglobulin and erythrocyte sedimentation rate rises, which indicates systemic inflammation.
Anterior uveitis occurred in 9/35 eyes (25.7%), at mild cell level (+), completely improved after 5.43±2.06 (3 - 6 days), it is more often on eyes with thick iris (75%).
Primary rib tumor: Review of clinical features, imaging characteristics of 45 cases at Cho Ray Hospital
Addiction, typically marked by impaired control and craving, refers to compulsive use despite harm and negative consequences.
To describe the current Situation of using gout drugs on outpatients at Can Tho City General Hospital.
Immediately reduce the dislocated knee, and consult a vascular surgeon about repairing any vascular injuries.
Methods: Cross-sectional study with evaluating nutritional status on 205 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus at Tra Vinh hospital from December, 2014 to June, 2015 by subjective global assessment.
In addition, there arc abnormal symtoms about eyes (loss vision, blindness, limited movement of eyes).
During 7 years from 2012 to 2019, we met 5 cases of children with Cor triatriatum.
If defecation has not occurred within 3 days, a mild cathartic (eg, psyllium, docusate, bisacodyl) can be given.
Keywords: Angelica sinensis, Dong quai, TLC, Functional food.
An increase of the plasma testosterone levels, the weight of male sexual organs (testicle, seminal vesicle and prostate gland) was used as an index of androgenic effects. On the orther hand, the quantitive of protein, the weight of levator ani was used as an index of protein anabolic.
Keywords: TP4 extract, hematological parameters.
These products are called deglycyrrhizinated licorice.
In patients whose blood pressure is >20/10 mmHg above their goal, initial combination therapy (with a single pill, if available) should be prescribed.
General support and correction of iron deficiency anemia are needed if infection is heavy.
However when we scroll through the images, it becomes clear that these gas bubbles are only seen in between the bowel wall and the bowel content.
If all pregnant women are screened for thyroid disease at the initial prenatal visit, many cases of both overt hyperthyroidism and hypothyroidism can be diagnosed earlier.
If the patient has indicated of TA, we will conduct TA with a catheter before the standard coronary intervention includes: ballooning and / or stenting.
The patient may vomit and rapidly become dehydrated.
Stroke patients with cerebral infarction recovery racer 53% higher compared to patients with cerebral hemorrhage, but the difference was not statistically significant with p = 0.09.
In type 2 diabetic patients, we measured renal radiography, albuminuria, and estimated GFR using CKD EPI 2012 formular.
National Institutes for Alcohol Abuse and Recovery: Recommendations for screening and brief intervention for alcohol use disorders in the primary care setting.
Results: Comparison of various demographic, clinical and subclinical features of Nonarteritic Anterior Ischemic Optic Neuropathy in diabetic and nondiabetic patients showed no significant difference in age, sex, several risk factors excepted for Diabetic patients had a higher prevalence of Hypertension (p= 0.032) and Ischemic heart disease (p= 0.022).
Keywords: colorectal laparoscopic surgery, specimen retrieval transanal.
Role of ScvO2 in diagnosing decreased systemic vascular resistance Table 3.16.
Conclusion: The rate of Klebsiella pneumoniae producing ESBL 76.7%, carbapenemase 13.8%; ESBL and carbapenemase 13%.
The treatment result of disseminated intravascular coagulation
The anxiety scores was signficantly higher in the groups of the patients aged from 40 to 60 years than those in the groups of the patients with their age less than 40 years old.
Keywords: The Bethesda System for reporting thyroid cytopathology.
Vascular variations of right colon in laparoscopic right hemicolectomy
The research results show that the basic anthropometric indicators: height, weight, chest, head circumference of pupils in mountainous areas in Binh Dinh province increase gradually with age and most of the indicators are lower than those of pupils of the same age in other parts of the country and around the world.
Introduction: Colistin is an antibiotic which was discovered in 50s, but its nephreotoxicity is so high and there are a lot of other antibiotics which are safer so colistin was rarely used in clinical practice.
The results of the study showed 58.2% of chronic liver disease patients in the age 1 - 5 years had PH.
Surfactant replacement in respiratory disstress syndrome: effectiveness and cost benefit
If severe hypertension occurs for the first time in pregnant women who do not have a multifetal pregnancy or gestational trophoblastic disease, tests to rule out other causes of hypertension (eg, renal artery stenosis, coarctation of the aorta, Cushing syndrome, SLE, pheochromocytoma) should be considered.
Subjects and research methods: 95 patients diagnosed with primary lung cancer. They were treated as inpatients at the Respiratory Department and Tumor Center of Bac Ninh Provincial General Hospital from August 1, 2020 to July 31, 2021.
A comprehensive program of pulmonary rehabilitation may lead to significant clinical improvement by Reducing shortness of breath Increasing exercise tolerance To a lesser extent, decreasing the number of hospitalizations A retrospective cohort study showed that in patients with COPD, initiation of pulmonary rehabilitation within 3 months after hospital discharge significantly reduced the risk of 1-year mortality (2).
The clinical characteristics and the body constitution of smokers in Hanoi city
Mucormycosis (Zygomycosis) By Sanjay G Revankar, MD, Wayne State University School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Apr 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Topic Resources Rhinocerebral Mucormycosis Mucormycosis refers to infection caused by diverse fungal organisms in the order Mucorales, including those in the genera Rhizopus, Rhizomucor, and Mucor.
8 patients were treated by operative detorsion and colopexy with 4 (50%) recurrences.
And then the Buck-Dartos's fascia were fixed to the Scarpa's fascia of the abdominal wall at the penopubic junction by 2 to 4 non-absorbable 4/0 stiches.
The samples of stems, leaves and petioles hairless.
Treatment of Babesiosis Atovaquone plus azithromycin Quinine plus clindamycin Asymptomatic patients usually require no treatment, but therapy is indicated for patients with persistent high fever, rapidly increasing parasitemia, and falling hematocrit.
Beliefs about the necessity of medicines were positively associated with medication adherence (OR = 1.187; CI 95%: 1.046 - 1.347).
There were no significant differences found between the diverticula group and the control group in terms of successful stone removal (77% in both groups), 70% in the diverticula group vs 84% in the control group.
Low density of CD68 positive cell was more often seen in cases of lympho node metastasis.
Step-by-Step Description of How to Walk Down Stairs Using Crutches Only patients who are strong and agile should use crutches on stairs without assistance.
Serum complement levels (C3, C4) are often depressed in active disease and are usually lowest in patients with active nephritis.
The prevalence of depression was higher in students who had: poor family financial status, normal or poor health status, had feeling of unfriendly from people surrounded; had stress within the pass week (p value < 0.05).
Then, this technique was used to screen for factor V Leiden on 70 thrombosis patients and 180 people in control group.
Thus, bedtime bottles should contain only water.
Patients were chosen randomly from all RRD patients at HCMC Eye Hospital.
Areas of thickened, darkened skin (acanthosis nigricans) may appear in the axillae, on the nape of the neck, in skinfolds, and on knuckles and / or elbows; the cause is high insulin levels due to insulin resistance.
Multifetal pregnancy (primarily twins) occurs in about 5%, and ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome occurs in ≤ 1%.
Also, significantly enhanced enzymatic activity of ACE2 was detected in the hearts of hyperthyroid animals that could be the reason for elevated Ang 1 - 7.
By investigating its structure-activity relationships, this review pointed out some suggestions to overcome the disadvantages of this potential peptide and thereby support further in-depth study in the drug discovery field.
Alcohol-Related Liver Disease (Alcoholic Liver Disease; Alcohol-Associated Liver Disease) By Whitney Jackson, MD, University of Colorado School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised May 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Risk Factors Pathophysiology Pathology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Prognosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Hepatitis Discriminant Function... MELD Score for End-Stage... Dupuytren Contracture of... Overview of Alcohol-Related.. Alcohol consumption is high in most Western countries.
The aim is to amplify the normally inadequate natural immune response to cancer.
Diagnosis of sparganosis is typically made after surgical removal, although it may be suggested when imaging detects a mass.
Conclusion: The outcomes of overall 5 year survival rates was 25.1%, the free-diease 5 year survival rates was 24.4%.
Occasionally, use of penicillamine can cause worsening neurologic symptoms.
Evaluation of pedicle screw accuracy in lumbar spondylolisthesis by O-arm assisted TLIF method
Patients may not think to disclose or may wish to conceal their use of dietary supplements.
These patients may gamble, engage in unsafe sex, binge eat, drive recklessly, abuse substances, or overspend.
Although many rapid diagnostic molecular tests (antigen detection tests) are available and most have good specificity, their sensitivities vary widely, and they usually add little to patient management.
Epiphysitis of the Calcaneus (Sever Disease) By Kendrick Alan Whitney, DPM, Temple University School of Podiatric Medicine Reviewed / Revised Oct 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Treatment Topic Resources How to Examine the Foot How To Examine the Ankle Epiphysitis of the calcaneus is painful disruption between the calcaneal apophysis and the body of the heel that occurs before calcaneal ossification is complete.
Folate Deficiency Anemia in Pregnancy Folate deficiency increases risk of neural tube defects and possibly fetal alcohol syndrome.
Results: All procedures were laparoscopically completed with no open conversion, the median age was 36 years (17 - 62).
The most common metastasis was bone metastasis, accounted for 70.1%, then lung metastatis (69.3%).
Indications for Influenza Vaccine Annual vaccination against influenza with an age-appropriate formulation is recommended For all people ≥ 6 months of age who do not have a contraindication Inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) can be given to all people ≥ 6 months, including pregnant women.
Detection of 11q23 rearrangement in b cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia patient at blood transfusion and hematology hospital
So you start at 75 seconds with whatever scanner you have.
The mean duration of treatment was 7.4 ± 7.3 days
The aim of this study was to determine the incidence and risk factors related to nephrotoxicity in patients using colistin at Nguyen Tri Phuong hospital.
Ki-67 expression in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma and adjacent non-tumor tissue
29.3% of patients are diagnosed with different diseases and receive long internal medicine treatment before surgery.
Results: In-hospital mortality was 32%.
Subjects of descriptive research (objective 1): - 1082 staffs working directly at the workshops / factories with cotton dust.
Positive pathological nodes was the most important factor related to the distant metastasisConclusion: The low proportion, 18, 5%, of early staged cervical cancers in CanTho, in comparing with others authors, illustrated the status of this malignant disease in a highly populated area of Mekong Delta region.
The patient has no or minimal somatic symptoms.
Hypocalcemia was highly prevalent (75.8%), min, max (1.34 - 2.54).
Applying heat (eg, using a warm towel or heating pad, taking a warm bath or shower) or cold (eg, massaging the affected muscle with ice) may help ease pain.
No case had severe RDS on thoracic X-ray (level III - IV) at 48 hours of age.
Characteristics of depression in heart failure patients with NYHA class 2 and 3
Keywords: orbital lymphoma, immunohistochemistry, REAL / WHO.
Do a CT scan for traumatic TMJ dislocation.
RESEACHING THE CHANGE OF CLINICAL INDICATIONS AND BIOCHEMICAL INDICATIONS ON OBESE FEMALE PATIENTS PRACTICED NGUYEN VAN HUONG METHOD Objectives: To evaluate the effects of Nguyen Van Huong method on clinical indications and biochemical indications with obese female patients.
The mean age of patients in the adenoma group was 44.3 ± 12.6 years (range, 12 - 75 years), which is not significantly different from the mean age of 41.2 ± 15.1 years for patients in the non-adenoma group (range, 13 - 77 years) (p=0.26).
At surgery the bowel was distended, but there were no signs of ischemia.
Clinical parameters were derived from SYGMA 2 trial and costs were extracted from a cost-of-illness study in Vietnam and Drug Administration of Vietnam database.
The validation results showed that the analytical processes satisfied criteria from ICH guidelines
Occlusion can be improved by aligning teeth properly, by selectively grinding teeth and restorations that contact prematurely, and by inserting crowns or onlays to build up tooth surfaces that are below the plane of occlusion.
Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) is one of the first optimal choices to be used in the treatment of chronic hepatitis B FibroScan and APRI are non-invasive methods to assess liver FibroScan, recommended in patients with chronic hepatitis B for treatment and follow-up.
In the 80 study patients, the average age of the group was 39 ± 15, 012. male 56.2%, female 43.8%.
This study showed that curcumin has ability to inhibit stomach cancer evaluated on a 3D culture model.
Materials and Method: from October 2019 to June 2021, 32 patients with calcaneus fractures were diagnosed and underwent open and internal fixation surgery at Department of Orthopedic-Thoracic Trauma Surgery, Hue University of Medicine and Pharmacy Hospital.
Design and sample size - Prospective, interventional, follow-up.
However, in some suspicious cases, especially poor or non-differentiated PVT immunohistochemistry can be used to determine 6 whether PVT derived from HCC.
Although many methods of postoperative analgesia have been applied, the postoperative pain management is still difficult because each method has different indications and contraindications [27] [76] [104].
Conclusion: The patients who had an infection at the time of admission to the ICU - Bach Mai Hospital were in serious condition.
Objective: evaluate the early outcome of aortofemoral grafting bypass in chronic aortoiliac occlusion (CAO) treatment. Method: From April to October, 2010 ten patients CAO were operated at Choray hospital.
Data were collected from 245 postpartum mothers at Obstetric Department in Thai Nguyen National Hospital.
For such cases, the most effective therapy is oral itraconazole 200 mg once a day or terbinafine 250 mg once a day for 2 to 3 weeks.
Research subjects 2.1.1.
An adrenaline rush begins in the brain.
The clinical forms of iron deficiency anemia in the postpartum period in pregnant women with antenatal anemia participating in the study were: mild anemia 21.6% (95% CI: 14.1 - 31, 6); moderate anemia 78.4% (95% CI: 68.4 - 85.9).
The difference in fasting blood sugar was significant before and after healthy education in the control group (p = 0.027), and the intervention group (p <0.001).
Results: The average age of the study subjects was 65.6 ± 12.3 years old, with the mean filtration time less than 60 months accounting for 84.87%.
Main pancreatic duct dilation is 71.9%, hyperechoic main pancreatic duct wall is 70.2%, main pancreatic duct stone is about 45.6%.
However, the consensus of these three cancer marker assays tends to improve from 2018 to 2021.
A stepwise approach to pain management, as recommended by the World Health Organization: Guidelines for the pharmacological and radiotherapeutic management of cancer pain in adults and adolescents, is critical to controlling pain.
Gonorrhea and chlamydia in female sex workers at the Vocational education centers and Community clinics in Ho Chi Minh city, 2008-2009
Most cases are acquired and involve development of an autoantibody against ADAMTS13.
Conclusion: Nurses demonstrate a moderate level of emurly. There is a need to improve this ability among nurses.
An antinuclear antibody (ANA) test should be done in children > 5 years with a strong family history of rheumatologic disease.
Methods: We conduct a cross-sectional study.
(30%) and Staphylococcus aureus (20%) are the commonest.
Diuretics Lower doses of thiazide diuretics (eg, hydrochlorothiazide or chlorthalidone 12.5 to 25 mg) can effectively control hypertension in many older adults and have less risk of hypokalemia and hyperglycemia than other diuretics.
Conclusion: Concentration of serum osteocalcin and beta-crosslaps of overweight people is significantly lower than the control group (p<0.001, p<0.001 respectively); and obesity group (p<0.05).
Conclusion: Ischemic heart disease is the most common cause of mitral regurgitation associated with coronary artery stenosis.
Conclusion: Increasing IOP is severe outcome in contusion injuries. Hyphema, angle recession, lens lesion are common clinical manifestation related to increasing IOP, combined these factors in high rate.
The status of worker’s health of a thermal power company in Thai Nguyen province in 2020
Dynamic CT A methodology of Swensen et al from 2000 when evaluating solitary pulmonary nodules.
In metal fume fever, symptoms resolve within 12 to 48 hours after cessation of exposure; caution workers to minimize future workplace exposure to metal fumes.
Sterile nonadherent, absorbent, and / or occlusive dressing Gauze roll and tape or gauze sleeve Sometimes splints or other materials to restrict motion or skin tension that may pull on the wound Additional Considerations Adequate anesthesia is important because these procedures may be painful, and insufficient anesthesia may result in insufficient cleansing, inspection, and debridement.
Several studies examined the sensitivity and specificity of CT as a semi-quantitative method to assess the severity of COVID-19 infection in the initial chest CT by implementing the CT severity scoring system, and the results were very reliable [12].
Situation of ARV treatment failure in HIV/AIDS patients and some related factors of health services in some provinces and cities in 2016-2017
Objectives: To study the values of Multi Slice Computed Tomography (MSCT) in diagnosis of Coronary Arterial Fistula.
Some lesions are hypervascular.
The study was conducted a nested case-control study with clinical data collected from 68 HIV-infected children (35 treatment sucess and 33 treatment failure) enrolled at Vietnam National Children's Hospital, Vietnam from 2008 - 2012.
Overall, initial results and numerous posthoc analyses failed to show a significant difference in groups assigned to apoaequorin or placebo (1).
The study recommends a long-term strategy for diagnosis and follow-up treatment of renal tubular acidosis.
Results: 70 patients with mediastinal tumor were managed with Video-Assisted Thoracoscopic Surgery at Cho Ray hospital and Nhan Dan Gia Dinh hospital from 12/2003 to 12/2005, 32 men and 38 women, mean age 42.73 ± 15.69 years.
Locate lung injury above CT accuracy of high value to the surgeon, it helps build the surgeon surgical procedure, prognosis and complications can occur during surgery and prognosis back to art.
When testing for etiology of splenomegaly and no cause is immediately apparent, infectious causes are important to exclude.
Diagnosis Urine culture Evidence of tissue reaction (in cystitis) or pyelonephritis Candida urinary tract infection (UTI) is considered in patients with predisposing factors and symptoms suggesting UTI and in all patients with candidemia.
The incidence of ectopic pregnancy is much lower in IUD users than in women using no contraceptive method because IUDs effectively prevent pregnancy.
There are 12% disodered menses, 16% menses ache, 3% bear violence, 2% trauma or / and malformation, 2% tumor, 7% infected and 8, 5% inferlity.
Equipment Bedside ultrasound machine Low-frequency (eg, 2 to 5 MHz) probe (transducer), either curvilinear or phased-array * High-frequency (eg, 5 to 10 MHz) linear probe, for examining the pleura Ultrasound gel (nonsterile) or, often, water-based surgical lubricant Glove, to cover probe tip (providing barrier protection) * A phased array probe is often preferred for E-FAST because its small footprint can more readily be placed between the ribs.
Objective: To determine the immunization rates of hepatitis B in community Tien Giang province in 2016.
Keywords: Peutz-Jeghers syndrome, polyp.
Prenatal testing (involving amniocentesis or chorionic villus sampling) is possible but rarely indicated.
Objectives: Ganoderma lucidum (Fr.) Karst (Linh Chi, Lingzhi or Reishi), a medicinal mushroom widely used in Asia, has antioxidant effect and promotes immune function.
In the world, there have been many studies on the value of echocardiography in evaluation of LV morphology, but in Viet Nam this kind of study was unpopular.
When ingested, the following strains can cause diarrhea: Enterohemorrhagic E coli is the most clinically significant subtype in the United States.
Conclusion: Determination of clinical and the frequent complication associated with the horseshoe kidney.
Complete blood count, electrolyte levels, renal function tests, coagulation tests, and urinalysis are then done.
Clinical criteria can be vascular (prior unexplained arterial or venous thromboembolism in any tissue) or pregnancy-related.
Results: The infection rate in our study was 0%.
The diversity of medicinal plants for the treatment of skin diseases with survival spectrum was determined as SB = 66.12Ph + 10.74Hm + 9.09Ch + 8.26Th + 5.79Cr.
Symptoms and Signs of Congestive Hepatopathy Most patients are asymptomatic.
- The rate of genetic mutation for ABCC8 gene is 54.3%, KCNJ11 gene is 4.3%.
Left ventricular Twist, Torsion are moderately correlated with longitudinal axial tension measured on 2D-speckle tracking echocardiography (Twist r = - 0.48; Torsion r = - 0.51; with p<0.05), with Dd (Twist r = - 0.43; Torsion r = - 0.49 with p<0.05), with EDV (Twist r = - 0.44; Torsion r = - 0.49 with p<0.05), with FS (Twist r = 0.52; Torsion r = 0.57 with p<0.05).
Vaccination with ACAM2000 is dangerous and not recommended for some people, especially those with the following risk factors: Weakened immune system (such as those who have AIDS or who take medications that suppress the immune system) Skin disorders (particularly atopic dermatitis [eczema]) Eye inflammation Heart condition Age under 1 year Pregnancy Infection control Non-hospitalized patients with mpox should Isolate at home until the lesions have resolved and scabs have fallen off and a fresh layer of intact skin has formed Avoid direct physical contact with other people and animals Not share potentially contaminated items, such as bed linens, towels, clothing, drinking glasses, or eating utensils, and should clean and disinfect commonly touched surfaces and items Wear a mask if close contact with others in the home is necessary Infection control measures in the hospital include having patients in a private room with the door closed.
How To Do Hemorrhoidal Thrombectomy VIDEO Other procedures Doppler-guided hemorrhoid artery ligation, in which a rectal ultrasound probe is used to identify vessels for suture ligation, is promising but requires further study to determine its overall utility.
This result are breakthrough compare with conventional radiotherapy at last time.
Remarks on the clinical features, result surgical treatment thyroidectomy in the differentiated thyroid cancer
In some regions, the widespread use of biomass fuels, such as wood, grasses, or other organic materials, also contributes to COPD prevalence.
The substances causing brain toxicity are not precisely known.
Treatment of neurogenic bladder includes drugs (eg, anticholinergics, prophylactic antibiotics), intermittent catheterization, and / or surgical intervention (eg, augmentation cystoplasty, appendicovesicostomy, botulinum toxin injections, neurostimulation).
12 Therefore, closely monitoring daytime glucose levels is recommended, especially for them under insulin therapy.
Evaluation of the surgical results of partial laryngectomy of Tucker for laryngeal cancer at ENT hospital
Meat grinders and other items used to prepare raw meat should be thoroughly cleaned.
Background: Long Thanh Health Center has made a treatment of opiate addiction by substituting Methadone from September 2015.
Autoimmune Disorders By James Fernandez, MD, PhD, Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University Reviewed / Revised Oct 2022 View Patient Education Etiology In autoimmune disorders, the immune system produces antibodies to an endogenous antigen (autoantigen).
The rate of 3.4% patients with grade 1 elevation of Creatinine and 11.5% of patients with AST elevation after treatment).
Operation at this time was done with biopsy and enterostomy.
Methods: Specific primers and Taqman probe were designed based on VP1 region of EV71.
* Sample size and sample selection for nurses The total sample was 190 nurses, corresponding to the actual number of nurses selected in phase 1.
Determining injury at a target organ between the two groups of patients with hypertension dipper and non dipper.
The rate of ureteric stricture was 29.6% (71/240).
Results: Before training, 52.9% subjects had correct knowledge about corneal ulcer.
Men had risk of secondary hypogonadism more than women. Women hadrisk of reduced growth hormone more likely than men.
All images were reviewed by two radiologists blinded to clinical data.
Overview of Bartonella Infections (Bartonellosis) By Larry M Bush, MD, FACP, Charles E Schmidt College of Medicine, Florida Atlantic University; Maria T Vazquez-Pertejo, MD, FACP, Wellington Regional Medical Center Reviewed / Revised Apr 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Topic Resources Some Bartonella Infections Bartonella species are gram-negative bacteria previously classified as Rickettsiae.
Other specific characteristics also help distinguish the dementia and delirium (see table).
Remarks of activities detection tuberculosis in Dongvan district (Hagiang province) during last 5 years (2008-2012)
Insufficiency of the vertebral arteries, infarction of the spinal cord, and dysphagia due to esophageal impingement by cervical osteophytes occasionally occur.
Such intervention includes prevention of secondary disabilities (eg, pressure ulcers, joint contractures), prevention of pneumonia, and family education.
41% of patients presented with fever, 33% with dysuria and 49% with flank pain.
Divers Alert Network: 24-hour emergency hotline, 919 - 684 - 9111 Duke Dive Medicine: Physician-to-physician consultation, 919 - 684 - 8111 U S.Navy Diving Manual: Detailed reference guide published by the US Navy detailing diver training and diving operations
2 patients were uterus prolapse; the last one was vaginal vault prolapse.
(See also the American College of Chest Physicians recommendations on Antithrombotic Therapy for VTE Disease [1].)
Materials and Methods: 80 bovine specimens were prepared from 80 extracted bovine central incisors and randomly divided into four groups (n = 20 / group): immersed in tea, coffee, cola and artificial saliva (control).
+ Compare related factors between the two research groups.
The characteristics of tumor found on chest X-ray and CT scans image were osteolytic, microcalcification, invasive border.
Sulfadoxine combined with pyrimethamine is available for oral use.
There was no correlation between plasma transferin with RBC, Hbn concentration and Hct (p>0.05).
Free air The presence of free intraperitoneal air is proof of bowel perforation, and indicates a surgical emergency.
Neuroimaging (usually magnetic resonance imaging [MRI]) is done to find any mass or tumor that is pressing on the optic nerve.
There is an association between severe shock and long shock DHF.
Results: There were 29 males and 43 females with mean age 47.3.
Conclusions: the best timing of hypospadias repair is under 2 years old.
The research was carried out to describe the opinion of people about the harmful eﬀects of salty food and salt reduction practices and its associated factors in 2019.
Methods: Between March 2015 and June 2016, we have performed consecutive 107 renal transplants including, 13 patients in PET.
Objective: This study aims to evaluate treatment response and acute side effects of definitive concurrent chemoradiation therapy with intensity-modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) technique in upper - third esophageal cancer patients.
Technical parameters: Accuracy (AC); Specificity (SP); Sensitivity (SE) False Positive (FP) and False Negative (FN) of PCR method on the three samples met the standard requirements.
The median VIS was 25 - 44.
The rate of hemolysis and iron deficiency in patients with classical PNH is higher than that of PNH group with bone marrow disorder.
The median progression free survival was 13.37 ± 9 months.
The quantity of ferritin serum was quite high, averaging 300 ng / dl.
Key words: Parotid gland, parotidectomy, facial paralysis
The other researchers have disclosed no relevant financial relationships.
Most common symptom is abdominal pain (97%), followed by nausea / vomitting and diarrhea.
The results of the study showed that the anterior cranial base length (SN) increased significantly with age (p<0.05).
Aura describes how patients feel as a seizure starts.
Results: Among 386 samples, there were 186 cases with vitamin D deficiency (31.09%).
"Year of work with chemical infusion training" p = 0.045, r = 0.170 * and "Year of work with the Faculty" p = 0.008, r = 0.224 * *;
For twin pregnancies, screening performance using traditional methods (triple, quad) has lower sensitivity and specificity than in singleton pregnancies.
During the surgery when correcting, we examined patients directly, if there is a phenomenon of right shoulder after surgery higher, we will increase the compression on the right and limit the tension on the left and vice versa to maintain the shoulder balance after surgery.
Risk factors for vaginal wall prolapse are Age Obesity Vaginal delivery Chronic straining (eg, due to constipation or heavy lifting) Severity of vaginal wall prolapse can be graded by the Pelvic Organ Prolapse-Quantification (POP-Q) system: Stage 0: No prolapse Stage I: Most distal prolapse is more than 1 cm above the hymen Stage II: Most distal prolapse is between 1 cm above and 1 cm below the hymen Stage III: Most distal prolapse is more than 1 cm below hymen but 2 cm shorter than total vaginal length Stage IV: Complete eversion The POP-Q system is recommended by professional organizations because it is a reliable and reproducible classification system that is based on predefined anatomic landmarks.
Follow-up 23 patients after 122, 2 ± 80, 4 weeks, 17.4% of patients had rebleeding.
Serum high sensitivity c-reactive protein and lipoprotein-associated phospholipase a2in vietnamese patients with acute coronary syndrome
Conclusions: Prevalence of kidney damage in diabetes is 37.6% cash; in people with diabetes type 2 was 54.8%.
Sagittal view of the normal uterus with some intravaginal fluid, outlining the portio as well as the anterior (*) and the posterior fornix (*).
Objectives: To describe the immunohistochemical expression of p53 and p16 in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma invasion.
The INR increased significantly immediately after the operation and reached a peak on postoperative day (POD) 3.
Context: The role of hand hygiene in preventing health care associated infections (HCAIs) has been clearly established.
Still, concerns about hypertension and longevity remain.
Keywords: total hip arthroplasty, hip anteversion, dislocation.
We carry out the study to identify the hand hygiene knowledge, hand hygiene practice and also evaluate the hand hygiene rate of health care workers at Nguyen Tri Phuong hospital in 2016.
Conclusion: The diagnosis of autoimmune bullous diseases is efficiently based on the correlation between clinical, histopathological, and direct immunoflurescence features.
Two-stage treatment for prolasus at level III-IV, combination of vaginal wall recovery and endoscopic suspension of uterine against the abdominal wall
Other causes include autoimmune hepatitis, metastatic liver infiltration, heatstroke, and sepsis.
Small lipomas may appear hyperechoic [11], and those that are calcified and hyperechoic may exhibit posterior shadowing.
Uses of MRI MRI is preferred to CT when soft-tissue contrast resolution must be highly detailed (eg, to evaluate intracranial or spinal cord abnormalities, inflammation, trauma, suspected musculoskeletal tumors, or internal joint derangement).
Those with cervical cord damage that could induce respiratory difficulties should be carried supine, with attention to maintaining a patent airway and avoiding chest constriction.
Clinical characteristics and some related factors on adult female acne
Two signs have hight percentage are poor appetite, lose sleep.
During puerperal period it should not be difficult to differentiate the physiologic enlargement of pituitary gland from lymphocytic hypophysitis (diffuse contrast enhancement in LH as against ring enhancement in SS).
Diagnosis requires neuroimaging and CSF testing.
Case report: a case pneumoniae with eosinophil peripheral blood increseased
Thus, sulforaphane may have beneficial effects to suppress inflammation within the atherosclerotic lesion.
So that research on lead poisoning is needed to give recommendations to prevent or reduce lead exposure in battery manufacturing workers.
After posterior fusion, the main scoliotic curve and kyphosis were improved 50.5 - 59 and 34 - 64%.
Pathogens vary by patient age and other factors (see table Community-Acquired Pneumonia in Adults), but the relative importance of each as a cause of community-acquired pneumonia is uncertain because most patients do not undergo thorough testing, and because even with testing, specific agents are identified in < 50% of cases.
With lengthy lacerations, position yourself so that the laceration is roughly parallel to the front of your body.
A case-control study was conducted on 222 overweight / obese adolescents and 616 normal-weight adolescents (according to the International Obesity Taskforce Standards, IOTF).
An ideal screening test is one that is always positive in nearly every patient with disease so that a negative result confidently excludes disease in healthy patients.
Weakness remains the same for a variable period of time, typically for a few weeks, then resolves.
The mainstays of treatment are diet, exercise, and weight loss.
Although a reduction in AHI is one of the treatment goals, CPAP will reduce cognitive impairment and improve quality of life regardless of improvement in the AHI.
Docked BCP: DNA: TOP-I complexes indicated that BCPs tend to establish strong interaction with DNA more than TOP-I.
Keyword: Annona muricata, beverage, drying, extraction, pasteurization.
Conclusion: Developing a process to quantify quercetin content in health foods and drugs of medicinal origin.
Surgical amputation is occasionally necessary, but a decision, often guided by imaging results, should usually be delayed until after definitive demarcation of necrotic tissue.
The prevalence of chronic energy deficiency (BMI < 18.5) was 41.8%.
The infant should be positioned prone with the head elevated 30 to 40 ° and with the right side down to facilitate gastric emptying and minimize the risk of aspirating gastric acid through the fistula.
Daily life has been turned completely upside down over the course of the pandemic.
Status of food poisoning by tetrodotoxin in Khanh Hoa
The prevalence of G-6-PD deficiency in neonates was 3.5%, the rate of G-6-PD deficiency in the Kinh was 2.2%, in the Cham was 7%, and in the Raglay group was 8.3%.
This study was aimed at: (1) To describe some clinical, biological, and endoscopic ultrasound characteristics of pancreatic tumors.
Basal prolactin levels are low and do not increase in response to provocative stimuli, such as thyroid-releasing hormone.
Adverse effects include UTIs and urosepsis.
The presented solutions can be helpful in perfecting the current ESP teaching.
Asymptomatic was found in 6.4%.
Marked narrowing can trigger thrombus formation, causing infarction or life-threatening arrhythmia.
Correlation between water quality and diarrhea of children under 5 years old in the end of water supply network in ho chi minh city by gis application
Nobody overall satisfactory food safety knowledge in both inner city and suburban.
The lesion sometimes becomes infected and can lead to sepsis.
Results: There were 320 patients followed in 2 hospitals.
Several disease management programs have been developed: Disease-specific care management: A specially trained nurse, working with a primary care physician or geriatrician, coordinates protocol-driven care, arranges support services, and teaches patients.
The patient was hospitalized because of pain in his right shoulder.
Acute respiratory distress syndrome
Most of malignant thymoma (7/8=87, 5%) in the stage IV (invasive).
Results: The risk of depression, anxiety, and stress in seniors (grades 8 and 9) was 1.7 times higher than in students from lower grades (grades 6 and 7), in which female students were 1.6 times more likely to develop depression than male.
Problem-based teaching-learning is a teaching-learning process that begins with a problem (which occurs in reality or simulates the reality), based on the problem to detect the information needed to understand and solve that problem.
The difference is that 18F-FDG was increased uptake in the brain, but 18F-FLT was not because 18F-FLT almost does not cross the blood-brain barrier.
Group therapy is often recommended for patients and their partner; there, they learn about bipolar disorder, its social sequelae, and the central role of mood stabilizers in treatment.
Lateral left ventricular infarction (several days later) Significant Q waves and loss of R-wave voltage persist.
Non-adherent patients decreased from 10.57% to 1.63% (p=0.01).
The participants were equally under full investigation of the epidemiological characteristics, other medical conditions, mental, environmental factors, personal habits and characteristics of their sleep.
Unlike MI, acute pericarditis does not cause reciprocal depression in ST segments (except in leads aVR and V1), and there are no pathologic Q waves.
Chest pain is an important symptom. Diagnosis based on conventionnal chest X ray and CT Scan.
Molecular identification small liver fluke of animals isolated in the south central of vietnam using nuclear genome (its-2)
Anemia, often microcytic, usually develops with advanced disease.
Objective: To evaluate the efficiency and safety of VATS Lobectomy at Pham Ngoc Thach Hospital's Surgical Department. Results: from February 2007 to August 2011 there were 43 VATS lobectomy cases.
Pediatric appendicitis: clinical and paraclinical features and outcomes of treatment
All pregnant women have tested 75 grams of glucose intolerance - 2 hours according to diagnostic criteria of the American Diabetes Association, 2015.
If pain is significantly worsening, women should be evaluated for complications such as vulvar hematoma.
Conclusions: This study reports for the first time the effects of temperature and DE values of maltodextrin and maltodextrin contents on the properties of A crassna spray-dired extract which is important for producing the high quality extract and its concerned products.
Conclusion: The overall response rate to chemotherapy and radiotherapy for nasopharyngeal cancer is high; However, the follow-up time is not long, so the rate of recurrence and metastasis after treatment has not been evaluated.
In advanced cancer patients, pain is one of the most common symptoms and requires long-term opioid therapy.
16 * Hematology index on day 1, 3, 5 after surgery The erythrocyte index, hemoglobin and hematocrit had a slight decrease after surgery due to blood loss.
53.1% of patients with complications of severe pneumonia, respiratory failure group which accounts for 82.7% of Carbapenem resistance.
Chalazion and Hordeolum (Stye) By James Garrity, MD, Mayo Clinic College of Medicine and Science Reviewed / Revised May 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Chalazion Hordeolum (External) Chalazia and hordeola (styes) are sudden-onset localized swellings of the eyelid.
Evaluationoneffect of trabeculectomyusingmitomycin c for treatment ofsecondary glaucoma and youngpeople's glaucoma
Residents and travelers to endemic areas are at risk.
Diseases Caused by Staphylococci Staphylococci cause disease by Direct tissue invasion Sometimes exotoxin production Direct tissue invasion is the most common mechanism for staphylococcal disease, including the following: Skin infections Pneumonia Endocarditis Osteomyelitis Infectious (septic) arthritis Multiple exotoxins are sometimes produced by staphylococci.
Artificial tear ointments applied before sleep are particularly useful when patients have nocturnal lagophthalmos or irritation on waking.
Synchronized nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation, ventilatory support that does not use an invasive artificial airway such as an endotracheal tube (ETT), reduced the failure rates for endotracheal reintubation infants.
The polyphenol contents were determined by the Folin-Ciocalteu method.
Complicated extraperitoneal ruptures and intraperitoneal ruptures should be surgically explored.
Results: The prevalence of chronic hyponatremia was 56%, chronic hyponatremia increased the risk of ascites, spontaneous bacterial peritonitis, hepato-renal syndrome (p <0.05).
Specific interventions at our hospital will include development of appropriate antibiotic prescribing guidelines and emphasis of contact precautions, hand hygiene, waste and wound management
Warnings and Common Errors Always maintain ultrasound visualization of the needle tip during insertion.
19.5% of instances involve oligohydramnios.
Sigmoidoscopy should be done; it allows visual confirmation of colitis and permits direct sampling of stool or mucus for culture and microscopic evaluation, as well as biopsy of affected areas.
IUDs that have perforated the uterus are removed via laparoscopy.
This is a quality management activity that contributes to strengthening the capacity of the medical examination and treatment system, facilitating and minimizing treatment costs for patients.
They should have clinical evaluation (ie, to detect symptoms suggestive of arrhythmia) and exercise testing performed every 1 to 3 years.
The study on arterial blood gas in patients with acute stroke.
Prevalence of postpartum urinary retention after vaginal delivery and some related factors at Nhan Dan Gia Dinh hospital
Clinical classification CEAP group C0-C1 accounted for 58% compared to the remaining groups.
Conclusion: Maxillo-facial trauma patients before operating need to be treated by proper oral health care methods to reach better treatment outcomes, and as well as improve satisfaction of patients.
Application of modified full-thickness skin graft for burn squeal scars
Pregnant women are at especially high risk of aortic complications; elective aortic repair before conception should be discussed.
Keywords: genotype, Hepatitis B (HBV), chronic HBV infection, treatment naïve patient.
Doses range from 200 to 400 mg orally once a day to as high as 800 mg once a day in some seriously ill patients and in patients infected with Candida glabrata or other Candida species (not C albicans or C krusei); daily doses of ≥ 1000 mg have been given and had acceptable toxicity.
We found the relation between paticipating health insurance and average income (p = 0.02; OR = 1.73; 1.08 Conclusion: There is a relative between health insurance participation and average per capita monthly income of households.
Primary and secondary prevention of disease and prevention of frailty are the most beneficial measures for this group.
Formulation of oral fast dissolving filmcontaining chlorpheniramine maleate 4 mg
Immediately before tracheal extubation, TOF ratios were measured.
Conclusion: Vaginal extension after radical hysterectomy should be considered in early stage cervical cancer patients of sexually active age.
The regression patterns of tumors smaller than 3 diameters of the optic disk were almost type 4, of tumors larger than 6 diameters of the optic disk were almost type 3.
Transcobalamin II is responsible for delivering vitamin B12 to tissues.
More serious complications include cholecystitis; biliary tract obstruction (by stones in the bile ducts [choledocholithiasis]), sometimes with infection (cholangitis); and gallstone pancreatitis.
If acquired later in infancy, signs may include pneumonia, hepatosplenomegaly, hepatitis, thrombocytopenia, sepsis-like syndrome, and atypical lymphocytosis.
For fetal infection, PCR analysis of amniotic fluid is emerging as the diagnostic method of choice.
Rate of infection with malaria parasite and some related factors in dak o commune, bu gia map district, binh phuoc province
4.2.2.3 Predictive value of F-FDG PET / CT for survival The results of our study showed that post-treatment MTV total (cut-off of 8.0) and TLG total (cut-off of 27.0) have predictive values 21 of overall survival.
There were 4 intraperitoneal laparoscopic nephrectomies and 10 retroperitoneoscopic nephrectomies.
In the United States, sperm washing is considered an effective method of reducing the risk of partner insemination from a known HIV-positive sperm donor.
At the Eye Hospital of Ho Chi Minh City, there are 36 cases of full contracted sockets and 19 cases of lower contracted sockets in the total of 55 cases.
1 BACKGROUND Low cardiac output syndrome (LCOS) is a clinical condition caused by a transient decrease in systemic perfusion due to cardiac dysfunction, resulting in an imbalance between supply and demand for cellular oxygen level that le led to metabolic acidosis.
The study found the connection between the frequency of fast food consumption and that of eating homemade food (p<0.001) and the factor of parents' consuming fast food frequently (p<0.05).
The mean age of onset of disease was 6.11 ± 3.76 years, the gender ratio (boys / girls) was 1.69, the patients from other provinces was 93.02%, the Kinh people was 93.02% and 6.98% related to family members.
The foot morbidity was negligible with an average foot and ankle disability index score of 98.0/100.
Oral health status and its effect on daily performance of schoolchildren from 12 to 15 years-old in chau duc ward, ba ria – vung tau province in 2012-2013.
Patients who do not experience remission within 2 to 3 years are likely to have chronic disease.
Phimosis and Paraphimosis By Patrick J Shenot, MD, Thomas Jefferson University Hospital Reviewed / Revised May 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Topic Resources Phimosis Paraphimosis Phimosis is inability to retract the foreskin.
Conclusion: Conversion to laparotomy from single port laparoscopic colectomy is necessary for very big tumors, excessive tumor adhesions and exceed the technical limitations of laparoscopic dissection.
A cross-sectional study was performed at the 103 Military hospital, from October 2019 to September 2020.
The age, sex and tumor's size are related to cognitive functions.
Subjects and methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study was carried out from July 2020 to October 2021 on 500 hypertensive patients treated as outpatients at Luc Ngan District General Hospital.
Diagnosis of Genital Trauma Clinical evaluation Ultrasonography (for testicular injury) Retrograde urethrography (for penile injuries with possible urethral involvement) Diagnosis of external scrotal and penile injuries usually can be made based on physical examination alone.
Some patients, such as young children, mentally impaired adults, older people, and those with psychiatric illness, may not be able to give an adequate history of ingestion.
Associated symptoms can include painless vision disturbances, including flashing lights and increased floaters.
For other patients, complete burn wound care.
Osmotic load Diarrhea occurs when unabsorbable, water-soluble solutes remain in the bowel and retain water.
Conclusion: Most of patients were malnourished, approximately 80 per cent according to SGA.
Diastolic murmurs that may coexist with the MS murmur are Early diastolic murmur of coexisting aortic regurgitation (AR), which may be conducted to the apex Diastolic flow murmur in the presence of severe MR Mid-diastolic murmur of obstructing left atrial myxoma or ball thrombus (rare) Graham Steell murmur (a soft decrescendo diastolic murmur heard best along the left sternal border and caused by pulmonic regurgitation secondary to severe pulmonary hypertension) Table Diagnosis of Mitral Stenosis Echocardiography Diagnosis of mitral stenosis is suspected clinically and confirmed by echocardiography.
Results: Treatment adherence rate: 99.1%; The rate of non-adherence to treatment accounted for 8.9%.
Sample size The sample size of the study is calculated according to the formula: 2/1 e) P1 (P Zn P is the retained stone of laparoscopic common bile duct exploration.
The period from age 6 to 11 is called the mixed dentition stage, in which both deciduous and permanent teeth are present.
We had operated: first stage amputated: 12 cases (1.03%).
Patients who had trauma in 24 hours before admission to emergency department, Cho Ray hospital with systolic blood pressure < 90 mmHg were enrolled.
Nurses should pay attention to the factors of retention time, treatment department, disease, type of catheter and venous catheter placement for patients to limit the risk of phlebitis.
MRI of the head is 82, 9% normal.
Definitive diagnosis and grading are determined histologically after biopsy or resection.
On MRI, most of the lesions, showed mixed signal on T1W pulse (55.6%), mixed signal on T2W pulse (53.3%), decreased signal on T2 * (100%) and hemosiderin border around it (92.3%).
Results of application study for palliative care needs This study provides the first evidence of the use of a palliative care assessment tool to monitor the health outcomes of HIV patients undergoing ARV treatment in Vietnam.
Cholangiocarcinomas will show progressive fill in because the fibrous centre will enhance slowly.
The average SAPS II score was 58.3 ± 19.3 points.
Interview A clinician's knowledge of an older patient's everyday concerns, social circumstances, mental function, emotional state, and sense of well-being helps orient and guide the interview.
Amanita smithiana mushrooms cause delayed gastroenteritis, usually 6 to 12 hours after ingestion, and acute renal failure (usually within 1 to 2 weeks after ingestion) that often requires dialysis.
These events facilitate acne formation.
In most cases, the thickening resolves almost completely.
Objectives: to study prevalence of left ventricular thrombus (LVT) and related factors in patients with CHF and AF.
Other cardiac testing is not done routinely; rather it is done based on the patient's risk factors for coronary artery disease, risk of surgery, and functional status.
Fever and leukocytosis further suggest acute cholangitis.
The gastric tube was then introduced through the posterior mediastinum to the cervical level to anastomose with the cervical eosophage.
Social marketing with focus on behavior change communication can improve knowledge and practices on nutrition and iron deficiency control for people living in disadvantaged areas if appropriate approach and effective operation mechanism were applied.
Objectives: We report a case of uterus didelphys, obstructed vagina, and menstrual blood.
The percentage of patients with poor knowledge about the disease accounted for 5.2%, the good level accounted for 2.6%, the average level accounted for 92.2%; with an average score of 8.8 ± 1.7 out of 18 points.
The mean of weight was 14.9 ± 11.3 kg.
Input parameters were extracted from empirical datas of publicized multi-centre and meta-analysis studies.
There are few studies evaluating the effectiveness of alpha1ablockers in the treatment of obstructive symptoms in women.
IgA Heavy Chain Disease (alpha chain disease) IgA heavy chain disease is the most common heavy chain disease and is sometimes called Mediterranean lymphoma (immunoproliferative small intestinal disease).
The violation group of producing and circulating poor quality drugs and counterfeit drugs was sanctioned most (95, 74%). The method of withdrawing the drug registration number and recalling the drug accounted for the highest sanction rate (60, 00%).
Hyperglycaemia was defined as at least a blood glucose level ≥ 10 mmol / L within a maximum of 5 days after GC administration.
Conclusion: The new AFB (+) pulmonary TB treatment results are not high and there are many factors related to the treatment results.
Those with bloody diarrhea should be asked about travel or other possible exposure to GI pathogens.
In recent years, foods that are not canned (eg, foil-wrapped baked potatoes, chopped garlic in oil, patty melt sandwiches) have caused restaurant-associated outbreaks.
Complications: a case switch to open surgery because of technical difficulties and a case of pneumothorax - pleural effusion happened at 3 weeks after surgery and just treated with simply aspiration.
Objects and methods: retrospective descriptive study on 240 patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and outpatient treatment at Dong Thap General Hospital.
The ratio of complication including IOP spike, iris bleeding, reclosure of iridotomy hole was respectively 8, 7%, 10, 8% and 4, 3%.
The only way to separate the object from the magnet may be to turn off (quench) the magnetic field.
The median duration of mechanical ventilation was 23 hours (from 3 to 588 hours).
89.5% of patients received nutritional counselling and mainly from the medical staff: 93.9%.
The diagnosis relies mostly on curettage specimens (88.7%), with 65.7% of patients in the perimenopausal period (³ 45 years).
Simulated scenario development for assessment of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug use to treat osteoarthritis symptoms at community pharmacy
Causes of acute deterioration include infections, pulmonary embolism, pneumothorax, and heart failure.
Symptoms include diarrhea, abdominal distention, and flatulence.
Neurologic examination should particularly note mental status, nystagmus, meningismus (eg, stiff neck, Kernig sign or Brudzinski sign), and ocular signs of increased intracranial pressure (eg, papilledema, absence of venous pulsations, 3rd cranial nerve palsy) or subarachnoid hemorrhage (retinal hemorrhage).
Abscesses must be drained, either percutaneously or surgically.
For treatment of decompression illness, chamber pressure is usually initially maintained between 2.5 and 3.0 ATA.
It is not only what is in our food that matters for our health, but also what is missing.
Feeding young children from 6 to 24 months at the outpatient nutrition clinic in the childrens hospital nhi dong 2
Ascites is uncommon (10%) in pre-sinusoidal portal hypertension.
Methodology: A cross-sectional study.
The median SALSA score and P-Scale score were higher in patients with grade 2 deformity than grade 1 (p < 0.001).
Liver and kidney disorders are relative contraindications for chelating drugs.
Treatment result: recurrence was 17 patients, metastasis was 12 patients and death was 18 patients.
Significantly displaced teeth are best referred directly to a dentist or oral surgeon.
The rate of intrauterine pregnancy of salpingostomy and tubalplasty were 20.0% and 72.0%, respectively.
There are 100% nipple discharge in malignant lesions were bloody and 100% breast pains were present in benign lesions.
Investigation on clinical and paraclinical characteristics of nephrotic syndrome in the patients with lupus nephritis
Satisfied with the service attitude of doctors was 94.5%, with the service attitude of the nurse is 98.5% and for the guidance information is 96.4%. Pleased to close the registration fee insurance was 95.4% health and satisfaction of the payment of the cost of health insurance is health care 92.8%.
Neonates are prone to rapid heat loss and consequent hypothermia because of a high surface area to volume ratio, which is even higher in low-birth-weight neonates.
Result and conclusion: 65.4% patients experienced pain symptom.
Infants with presumed biliary atresia require surgical exploration with an intraoperative cholangiogram.
Because availability of donor hearts is very limited, about 20% of infants die while awaiting transplant.
Subjects and research methods: Cross-sectional descriptive study with comparison with a control group.
Objectives: The reported incidence of posterior cruciate ligament (PCL) ruptures ranges between 1 to 44% of all acute knee ligament injuries, and approximately 25 to 60% of all PCL injuries account for sports related injuries and motor vehicle accidents, respectively.
Keywords: Acromioclavicular dislocation, coracoid fracture.
Total nitrogen content or also called protein content is one of the top criteria for consumers to choose when buying fish sauce.
The first dose is given concurrently with HBIG but at a different site.
Background: Prosthodontics treatment for madibulectomy patients which is very important to recover the function, esthetics and psychology for patients can bring them early to reintegrate with community.
Case series: fibrothecoma of the ovary
Symptoms and Signs of Gallbladder and Bile Duct Tumors Most patients with cholangiocarcinomas present with pruritus and painless obstructive jaundice, typically at age 50 to 70 years.
Materials and methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 421 randomly selected hospital profiles of inpatients aged 18 or over diagnosed with infectious diseases at Cu Chi General hospital from January 01, 2016 to June 30, 2016. Cases without available data on bacterial isolation, identification and antibiogram were excluded from the study.
Overall ICU mortality of both groups is 27.7%.
Table Symptoms and Signs of Nephrotic Syndrome Primary symptoms include anorexia, malaise, and frothy urine (caused by high concentrations of protein).
The good application of methodological analysis is not only save time and understand exactly the content of the document, but also can ensure highest efficiency in the research process.
There were 107 times of inappropriate dosages, accounting for 38.2%; and the proportion of patients having inappropriate dose adjustment was 41.4%.
Recumbent or supine thoracentesis (eg, in a ventilated patient) is possible but best done using ultrasonography or CT to guide procedure.
Methods: We included 156cases with community - acquired pneumonia.
Treatment of Hemoptysis Massive hemoptysis Initial treatment of massive hemoptysis has two objectives: Prevent aspiration of blood into the uninvolved lung (which can cause asphyxiation) Prevent exsanguination due to ongoing bleeding It can be difficult to protect the uninvolved lung because it is often initially unclear which side is bleeding.
In this paper we announce the survey results of the optimum conditions to separate vitamin B1, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) method and simultaneously quantify vitamin B1 and vitamins B6 and vitamin B12 in Scanneuron-Forte and Haneuvit drugs by HPLC method.
Most of the appendix stump is tied or sutured 97%.
Typically, a starting dose is given and increased until symptoms are controlled and then slowly tapered (see Table: One Drug Regimen for Neonatal Opioid Withdrawal).
Sexual abuse may have lasting effects on the child's development and sexual adaptation, particularly among older children and adolescents.
Results: There is no statistical significant difference in slowing down the heart rate between the 3 groups.
Lancet Neurol 15 (3): 292 - 303, 2016. doi: 10.1016/S1474 - 4422 (15) 00393 - 2 Treatment of Multiple Sclerosis Corticosteroids Immunomodulators to prevent exacerbations and delay eventual disability Baclofen or tizanidine for spasticity Gabapentin or tricyclic antidepressants for pain Supportive care Goals for treatment of multiple sclerosis include the following: Shortening acute exacerbations Decreasing frequency of exacerbations Relieving symptoms Delaying disability, particularly maintaining the patient's ability to walk Treatment of exacerbations and relapses Corticosteroids, given in brief courses, are used to treat acute onset of symptoms or exacerbations that cause objective deficits sufficient to impair function (eg, loss of vision, strength, or coordination); regimens include Methylprednisolone 500 to 1000 mg IV once a day for 3 to 5 days Less commonly, prednisone 1250 mg orally per day (eg, 625 mg orally twice a day or 1250 mg orally once a day) for 3 to 5 days Some data show that high-dose methylprednisolone (1000 mg / day for 3 consecutive days) orally or IV may have similar efficacy (1, 2).
Conclusion: Based on the survey results, it is the basis for the authors to propose a package of basic occupational health care services for small and medium-sized production facilities and employees.
Purpose: to evaluate the sensitivity and the specificity of "the risk of malignancy index", and to compare with the ones of sonography, serum CA125 level.
The degree of hyponatremia, the duration and rate of onset, and the patient's symptoms are used to determine which treatment is most appropriate.
Conclusion: The results of the study suggest that the placement of mirena is effective in treating endometrial hyperplasia.
Stereotaxy and brain lesions in child patients
Renal injuries may be divided into renal laceration, renal contusion, and renal vascular injury.
Herpes zoster: Etiology, pathogenesis, clinical presentations 1.1.1 Factors associated with herpes zoster - Prevalence: about 10 - 20% of adults are likely to suffer from HZ in their lives, whereas this rate in people over 85 of age is 50%.
- Do not agree to participate in the study.
Results: 82% of patients responded to the initial trial of iNO.
When removing the stylet, securely hold the endotracheal tube while an assistant pulls the stylet out, rotating the stylet handle caudally toward the chest, not pulling straight upward, to facilitate easier removal of the stylet and minimizing the risk of dislodging the endotracheal tube.
The latissimus dorsi muscle flap is frequently used for breast reconstruction after mastectomy in purpose of treating cancer.
PPCI procedure - Anesthesia method: local anesthesia with Lidocaine 2%.
The relationship between these parameters and the severity of dyspnea, calculated by the medical research council MRC questionaire, were investigated.
The hole is kept open by a tube (eg, a gastrostomy feeding tube).
The compound benzoyl peroxide is used topically to treat acne, keratosis, and anti-inflammatory.
(See also Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services: Accountable Care Organizations.)
The blood loss during surgery, the postoperative sinonasal wound pain (by 0 - 10 visual analog scales, VAS), the surgical results, and the incidence of bleeding complications following surgery were reviewed Results: There were 11 women and 19 men with a mean age of 41.6.
Results: The sample of 317 community pharmacists has gender difference between male: female with the ratio of 1: 3.3; average age of 33.58 ± 6.80 years old; 60.9% pharmacists with intermediate level; 69.4% pharmacists having not attended any training course of drug retailing skills and 30.3% having not attended training course of updating GPP.
Melancholic features indicate severe or moderate depression.
Essential Component of WBC in CSF was Lymphocyte (94, 4% in NCM and 81, 2% in CM).
The femoral vein lies medially adjacent to the femoral artery.
Capsulitis is often diagnosed based on a history of injury or infection along with exquisite tenderness over the joint and by exclusion when pain remains after treatment for myofascial pain syndrome, disk derangement, arthritis, and structural asymmetries.
Thus, it could also make sense to use pyridostigmine during the long latent period after suspected exposure to A-series agents. However, because pyridostigmine also is an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, it should not be given after the onset of cholinergic crisis or even if the heart rate or core temperature decreases by > 25% from baseline during the latent period; such patients should be treated for cholinergic crisis.
Official COVID-19 death tallies also fail to capture the pandemic's profound social and economic consequences, including the downstream effects of interruptions in receiving health care, loss of employment, evictions, and social isolation and loneliness. "
Using oral glucose tolerance test alone as a diagnostic test tripled the diabetes prevalence noted based on the gold standard test.
Results: The percentage of conservative surgery in testicular torsion was very high (73.8%), orchidectomy was done in only 26.2% of cases.
The aims of this study were to describe clinical characteristics and identify the causes of community-acquired pneumonia in children by Real-time Multiplex PCR technique at the National Hospital of Pediatrics.
Morbidity categories distributed as: prosthetic valves 51.5%, atrial fibrillation 43.7%, and deep venous thrombosis 1.9%.
In Vietnam, the most recent research at Viet Tiep Hospital in Hai Phong, shows that the prevalence of MSDs in hospital nurses is very high, accounting for 81%, the risk factors for this condition are women, co-sufferers of stress and old age.
This prospective-descriptive study was conducted in 83 patients who underwent liver resection by Ton That Tung method combined with Takasaki method for managing hepatocellular carcinoma from April 2017 to July 2021.
Manifestations of cerebral emboli, brain abscess, or endocarditis may develop.
Evaluate the effect of remedy "Cam Thao Bach Thuoc Gia Giam" in the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease
By definition, there are no structural brain abnormalities visible directly or on imaging studies, in contrast to more serious brain injuries (traumatic brain injuries [TBIs]).
Accidents and unwanted effects - Complications not related to alternative fluids - Complications related to non-plasma replacement fluids - Other complications 1.3.4.
For others, especially without treatment, panic disorder follows a chronic waxing and waning course.
Conclusion: Smoking, history of asthma and atopy increased the rathe of asthma.
The average postoperative and perioperative periods were 9 days and 17.3 days, respectively.
Treatment usually requires extensive debridement and removal of the foreign material.
For cutaneous mastocytosis, use H1 blockers to relieve symptoms, and in adults, consider treatment with psoralen plus ultraviolet light or topical corticosteroids.
Infection can produce areas of angioedema (Calabar swellings) that develop anywhere on the body but predominantly on the extremities; they are presumed to reflect hypersensitivity reactions to allergens released by migrating adult worms.
Subject and method: 48 fracture - dislocations sacroiliac joint, were treated by open reduction internal fixation at the Department of Trauma and Orthopaedics, Cho Ray Hospital (from January 2015 to June 2019).
Correct response percentage on MSDs preventions Preventions N = 1045% Reduce stress 555 53, 11 Physical exercise 926 88, 61 Reasonable working time distribution 617 59, 04 Correct posture handling 771 73, 78 Don't know 32 3, 06 Comments: 88.61% said that physical training is a preventive measure for MSDs.
4.3.3 Hospital stay after surgery Table 3.17 presents that the number of days in hospital after surgery for CWI group was 8, 7 ± 1, 81, PCA group was 9, 33 ± 1, 9 and CEA group was 9, 23 ± 2, 73 days.
There are many risk factors to explain the increased incidence: delaying childbearing, greater prevalence of sexually transmitted diseases specially Chlamydia trachomatis, intrauterine device... Objective: the purpose of this study to indentify risk factors for ectopic pregnancy. Study design: We analyzed data from a case-control study at Tu Du hospital between December 2008 and March 2009.
Patients who have had cardiac procedures (eg, coronary artery stents or bypass grafts, placement of internal defibrillator / pacemakers) or certain acute events (eg, unstable angina, myocardial infarction) need to refrain from driving for a brief time during recovery; the length of time depends on the procedure and the patient's clinical condition.
The outcome of these two series are separately recorded, and comparatively assessed.
Treat using a fluoroquinolone or azithromycin; doxycycline is an alternative.
Expression of some immunologic markers for the diagnosis of suspected lymphoid lesions of lymphoma.
When biologic agents that inhibit TNF-alpha (eg, infliximab, etanercept) are used, risk of infection outweighs benefit.
English summary: Objective: To evaluate nutritional values of lunch meals of students in 2 primary schools in Thai Nguyen city.
Background: PSA density by the ratio of tPSA / prostatic volume plays a meaningful role for the orientation of diagnosis and the screening of the prostatic diseases, especially for the prostatic carcinoma and benign nodular hyperplasia.
Metastatic breast cancer may affect almost any organ in the body—most commonly, lungs, liver, bone, brain, and skin.
The sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, positive predictive value, negative predictive value of MRI in the diagnosis of biliary stenosis were 93.75%; 100%; 98.81%; 100%; 98.55%, respectively 2.
Results: Sensitivity of BMI was 66.13% and 8.82% for overweight and obesity, respectively.
Conclusions: Complications of acute stroke in the elderly are common. Apro - Active approach is ideal in all post stroke elderly patients, in order to indentify and treat any complications early, thereby, improving outcome and reducing costs.
There were difference between rate and mutation of globin gene among 6 ethnic groups.
In addition, the combination of an ACE inhibitor with an ARB or with a direct renin inhibitor in two other large trials of patients with diabetic chronic kidney disease (Aliskiren Trial in Type 2 Diabetes Using Cardiovascular and Renal Disease Endpoints [ALTITUDE] and Veterans Affairs Nephropathy in Diabetes [VA NEPHRON-D]) was not superior to ACE inhibitor monotherapy and produced more side effects.
255 (29, 5%) case were satisfied, 609 (70, 5%) were extremely satisfied with the outcomes of operations. With median follow-up time was 30 (1 - 51) months, local and regional recurrence was detected in 3 patients (0, 3%).
Conclusion: Duodenum - preserving pancreatic head resection is safer and more gentle than pancreaticoduodenectomy, without intraoperative complication and fewer postoperative complications. It can be applied to benign lesion localized in the head of the pancreas or pancreatic head injuries.
Not all older patients need a formal geriatric interdisciplinary team.
Participants: All patients from 1 to 14 years old with diagnosis of Dengue fever, admitted to An Giang hospital in the year of 2003.
Pearls & Pitfalls Random growth hormone levels are of little use in diagnosing growth hormone deficiency.
Conclusion: RFA is efficacious and safe in treating benign thyroid nodules, this procedure could be applied commonly.
The topical uses of aerial parts are the treatment of insect bites and various skin diseases.
If you get vaccinated and you do get sick, the odds are you won't get seriously ill or die from the disease.
Pathophysiology of Long QT Interval Syndromes The congenital long QT interval syndromes result from genetic disorders of cardiac ion channel function or regulation (channelopathies) that prolong ventricular myocyte action potential duration as reflected by prolongation of the rate-corrected QT interval on the ECG (QTc, typically calculated using Bazett's formula).
The surveyed related factors included: age, gender, systemic disease status, gingival bleeding, gingival index, oral hygiene status.
Phases include upper respiratory symptoms and wheezing, eosinophilic pneumonia and gastroenteritis, and life-threatening vasculitis.
Diagnose cancers by imaging, beginning with ultrasonography, followed by MRCP.
evaluating the results of the surgery of benign parotid tumors.
Application of allee effect in cancer treatment
Update the possibilities of the molecular testings in chronic viral hepatitis
Although individual lymphocytes may resemble leukemic lymphocytes, lymphocytes are heterogeneous, which is unlikely in leukemia.
Assessment of early results of lumbar stenosis surgery in Tra Vinh general hospital
Pathophysiology of Urinary Calculi Urinary calculi may remain within the renal parenchyma or renal collecting system or be passed into the ureter and bladder.
Fat embolism: diagnostic approach via a typical clinical case
General features - Gender: male or female.
The pharmacokinetic parameters are comparable to these obtained in other trials.
Risk factors include Regular inhalation of certain types of wood, leather, and metal dust Smoking tobacco Symptoms and Signs of Paranasal Sinus Cancer Because the sinuses provide room for the cancer to grow, symptoms usually do not develop until the cancer is well advanced.
Clinical forms of cysticercosis, by means of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay
Consultation with a specialist, subspecialist, or physical or occupational therapist may be necessary.
English summary: The dissociation constant is commonly used to describe the affinity between a protein and a ligand.
Calcium supplements are taken most commonly as calcium carbonate or calcium citrate.
However, at the day 14, the patient's ECG again showed ST elevation and she was again in shock.
The pus is thin enough to pass through the catheter.
Urothelial carcinoma of the ureters accounts for about 4% of upper tract tumors.
Conclusion: RRT should be considered as a relatively minor marker of poor outcome in ECMO patients and wast associated with increase risk of mortality.
Metabolic syndrome was defned using criteria of the NCEP ATP III.
Results are usually reported as one of the following: Susceptible (S) Intermediate (I) Resistant (R) Some strains that do not have established criteria for resistance may be reported only as susceptible or nonsusceptible.
Conclusion: Clinical pharmacology tasks need to be continued to boost the benefit advisory of hypertension medicine choices for patients accompanied to type 2 diabetes and updated the new regimen basing send to departments on recommendation to contribute increasing treatment efficiency.
Background: Surgery to remove benign tumors has long been performed under a microscope, but postoperative results show differences in the rate of healing.
Keep back-pressure on the syringe plunger as you advance.
We report a simple and safe neovaginoplasty procedure using peritoneal flap in our institution.
Objects: to study clinical, laboratory and treatment profiles of patients with acute coronary syndrome.
Ward 2, Vinh Hai commune and Lac Hoa commune had the greatest blindness proportions.
Simple congenital trachea stenosis: Primary outcomes of sliding tracheoplasty at National children’s hospital
Strongyloidiasis (Threadworm Infection) By Chelsea Marie, PhD, University of Virginia; William A Petri, Jr, MD, PhD, University of Virginia School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Sep 2022 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Prevention Key Points Topic Resources Strongyloides Life... Larva Currens (Creeping Eruption) Strongyloidiasis is infection with Strongyloides stercoralis.
Results: The rate of good knowledge toward nursing process was 41.5%; the rate of positive attitudes was 96.8% and 87.6% of nurses with correct practice nursing process.
These procedures may reduce deformity in the injected vertebrae but do not reduce and may even increase the risk of fractures in adjacent vertebrae.
Adequate end-organ perfusion is best indicated by urine output of > 0.5 to 1 mL / kg / hour.
Treatment of traumatic isolated intraperitoneal bladder rupture
Infants may have active hemolysis caused by ABO incompatibility and have a negative DAT; however, in such infants, the peripheral blood smear should reveal microspherocytes, and the indirect antiglobulin (indirect Coombs) test is usually positive because it identifies plasma ABO antibodies, which, in the presence of adult RBCs (adult RBCs have well discriminated ABO antigens), give a positive test result.
Describe the MRI characteristics, compare the anatomic pathology results.
Key words: Submucosal tumor (SMT), Endoscopic ultrasound (EUS)
Correlationsc ultrasound biomicroscopy and optical coherence tomography for detection of narrow anterior chamber angles
Methods: A case series of 98 pediatric patients (101 renal units) undergoing a dismembered pyeloplasty procedure using double J stent was retrospectively reviewed at Children Hospital Number 2 from 01/01/2013 to 31/10/2015.
The 32-week clinical trial was conducted in 399 patients and sponsored by Eli Lilly and Company.
Method: Extracting albumin from cryosupernatant based on three methods of Cohn, Kirstler and Nischmann and Yu-lee Hao with some adjustments adapted for the laboratory conditions.
11/15 cases are diabetics.
The total score of nurses' perception of delirium was 17.65 ± 4.89, higher than the mean score of the questionnaire.
Abdominal pain (75.0%), palpable tumor (8.3%).
Objectives: To establish the recipe of lozenges made from Citrus hystrix juice and vitamin C Materials and methods: Juice was taken from Citrus hystrix collected in Tinh Bien (An Giang).
It is caused by hypersensitivity to stings from the larvae of the sea anemone (eg, Edwardsiella lineate) or the thimble jellyfish (Linuche unguiculata).
There is no consensus regarding choice of disease-modifying immunomodulatory therapy.
M genitalium has been developing widespread resistance to macrolides, tetracyclines, and fluoroquinolones, which makes treating infection with this organism a challenge.
Etiology of Constipation in Children Constipation in children is divided into 2 main types: Organic (5%) Functional (95%) Organic Organic causes of constipation involve specific structural, neurologic, toxic / metabolic, or intestinal disorders.
Tension pneumothorax should be considered in a patient who has achieved return of spontaneous circulation after prolonged CPR, and subsequently becomes difficult to ventilate, or who is hypoxic and suddenly rearrests.
The reasons caused that discrimination come from many sources, family - friends - teachers - society.
Subject and method: This observational study recruited 50 patients with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis who were 12 to 18 years of age with Cobb angle > 10°.
Infrapatellar Tendinitis (Jumper's Knee; Sinding-Larsen-Johansson Syndrome) By Frank Pessler, MD, PhD, Helmholtz Centre for Infection Research Reviewed / Revised Dec 2022 View Patient Education Infrapatellar tendinitis is an overuse injury to the patellar tendon at the attachment to the lower pole of the patella.
Diagnosis of Caries Direct inspection Sometimes use of x-rays or special testing instruments Routine, frequent clinical evaluation (every 3 to 12 months depending on a patient's caries risk as assessed by a dentist) identifies early caries at a time when minimal intervention prevents its progression.
Objective: Investigation of risk factors of hypoglycemia in diabetic patients is being treated in Tien Giang hospital Methods: Descriptivecross-sectional study.
One edge of the elevator is held against the alveolar bone between the teeth; this edge is kept in place and used as the fulcrum while the other edge is rotated toward the tooth being removed to mobilize the tooth and expand the socket.
Peak time (when maximum plasma drug concentration occurs) is the most widely used general index of absorption rate; the slower the absorption, the later the peak time.
At present, I'm renting a house where I live with my family of four, with three of us taking ARV medication (ID56PWH) Comment: Both cancer and HIV patients are concerned about the financial burden of treatment, as well as basic needs such as food, shelter, and education expenses.
Most patients have no or minimal symptoms, but some develop a flu-like illness, and a few develop aseptic meningitis.
In the forth stage, an expert committee will review all the translations and develop the preﬁnal version of the questionnaire for ﬁeld testing.
In the sample, the group of age which has a highest frequence is 65 - 69 and there's a subsequent decrease after age 75.
64.5% of cases were admitted at the age of 2 - 5 days.
Objectives: To identify the prevalence of hypophosphatemia, hypomagnesaemia and hypokalemia in critially ill children of ICU department, Children's Hospital 2. To identify the relationship between hypophosphatemia and ages, nutritional status, nutritional supplement methods, nutritional status (energy, protein intake), underlying diseases; using catechlamine, antacid; length of ICU period.
Ovulatory Dysfunction By Robert W Rebar, MD, Western Michigan University Homer Stryker M D.
+ Hypo attennuating brain tisue including: Cortical sulcal effacement, loss of the insular ribbon, obscuration of the lentiform nucleus, loss of gray-white matter differentiation in the basal ganglia.
An acute tender mass suggests lymphadenitis or an infected dermoid cyst.
PCA3 and PSA mRNA were detected and quantified in 100% urine samples.
There are many pathological signs, including compression of the cauda equina region and nerve roots, the bulge of the disc, the thickening of the ligamentum flavum, the narrowed holes which are not fully revealed in the supine position.
Treatment of Lymphocytopenia Treatment of associated infections Treatment of underlying disorder Sometimes IV or subcutaneous immune globulin Possibly hematopoietic stem cell transplantation In acquired lymphocytopenias, lymphocytopenia usually remits with removal of the underlying factor or successful treatment of the underlying disorder.
An ankle brace can be used if there is pain after the procedure.
Establishment of the national reference of measles vaccine
* Deodorants and antiperspirants - ask your pharmacist for special foot deodorants and antiperspirants.
Analysis was performed to discover etiologies, risk factors of AKI and the clinical impact of AKI on final outcome.
Classifcation according to Schutzman's criteria has the sensitivity of 89.9% (95% confidence interval 84.4 - 93.9%) and the specificity of 74%% (95% confidence interval 70.5 - 76.5%) in the head CT scan indication.
Physical signs may be absent or subtle.
Background: Hypertension is very common in hemodialysis (HD) patients and can result in heart failure (HF).
28.2% are overweight and obese and 19.2% are smokers.
Treatment is surgical correction of any associated genitourinary abnormalities and, if renal insufficiency or renal failure is present, renal replacement therapy.
Cooks need to strictly follow personal hygiene practices during the cooking process.
Results: The general knowledge of nurses about issues related to care for urinary catheters: good rate accounted for 17.4%, fairly rate accounted for 40.2%, an average of 25%, not 17.4%.
Carotid lesions 63.2%.
Signs include Intense conjunctival hyperemia and intraocular inflammation within the anterior chamber and vitreous Loss of the red reflex Eyelid edema (occasionally) Diagnosis of Endophthalmitis Clinical evaluation Microbiologic testing (eg, gram stain and culture of aspirates for endogenous endophthalmitis, blood and urine cultures) Diagnosis requires a high index of suspicion in at-risk patients, especially those with recent eye surgery or trauma.
However, in patients with NSCLC and an activating mutation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), targeted treatment has undergone a significant change.
The diagnostic performance of mean value, histogram analysis, calculated p10, absolute and relative washout index were compared.
Retreatment is required more often if the initial dosage is low (0.5 mg / kg).
Objectives: (1) To determine the prevalence anticoagulation therapy for VTE prophylaxis in elderly cancer patients, (2) To determine the rate and risk factors of the early discontinuing anticoagulation therapy during hospitalisation.
In vivo, it inhibits deiodinase-1 activity and pituitary deiodinase-2 activity, resulting in high T4, high reverse T3, and low T3.
Pulmonary function test showed moderate decrease in DLCO, 44%.
Other indexes and general index had not significant difference.
Pediatric candidemia at children’s hospital 1
To function effectively, teams need a formal structure.
Results: The ratio of left ventricular hypertrophy was 33.3%.
Half-and-half nails (Lindsay nails) occur usually with renal failure; the proximal half of the nail is white, and the distal half is pink or red-brown.
In addition, swelling or a lump or a feeling of heaviness in the scrotum should not be ignored.
High - and low-voltage power lines are not always easily differentiated, particularly outdoors.
(See also Causes of Hepatitis and Overview of Acute Viral Hepatitis.)
Tremors vary in Pattern of occurrence (eg, intermittent, constant) Severity Acuity (eg, gradual, abrupt) The severity of tremor may not be related to the seriousness of the underlying disorder.
Results: There are 65 cases were performed, include of 21 posterior leg cutaneous flaps; 11 dosalis pedis cutaneous flaps; 5 radial forearm flaps; 3 dorsal of the hand and finger cutaneous flaps; 4 iliac cutaneous flaps; 7 latissimus dorsi myocutaneous flaps; 7 Gluteus maximus myocutaneous flaps; 5 tensor fascia lata myocutaneous flaps; 3 Medial gastrocnemius myocutaneous flaps.
Because parent ethnicity is often complex and not well-defined and because prenatal genetic testing is becoming much less expensive and quicker, some clinicians are starting to screen all potential (and expectant) parents, regardless of ethnicity (called universal carrier screening).
IV fentanyl: Titrate to patient response (analgesia) as follows: Initial dose: 50 to 100 mcg (or 1 mcg / kg) IV Subsequent doses: May repeat 50-mcg IV dose every 3 minutes as needed.
Time - place of the study: Department of Anesthesia and intensive care - Friendship Hospital from January 2011 to March 2017.
Background: The mandibular third molar is the most common tooth to become impacted than other teeth, often causing more complications in the process of growing, influence to the lives of patients.
Symptoms include a purulent vaginal discharge, dyspareunia, dysuria, and vaginal irritation.
Chagas disease is caused by Trypanosoma cruzi.
NSAIDs can also increase blood pressure; this effect may be unrecognized and lead to intensification of antihypertensive treatment (a prescribing cascade).
If the smear shows no evidence of other abnormalities, patients should be tested for HIV infection.
Treat the cause; respiratory alkalosis is not life threatening, so interventions to lower pH are unnecessary.
One, sarin, has been used by terrorists.
Although diverticula are equally common among males and females, males are 2 to 3 times more likely to have complications.
Hair is clipped before wound irrigation so that any clipped hair entering the wound is removed.
Grasp the tip of the probe with your dominant hand (now covered by the probe cover).
There was no relationship between anemia status and the level of Protein, Albumin, Calcium, Phosphorous and PTH serum.
Review of systems should seek symptoms of causative disorders, including Irritability, sweating, weight loss, and palpitations (hyperthyroidism) Depression, dry skin, and weight gain (hypothyroidism) Headache, pica, hair thinning, and exercise intolerance (iron deficiency anemia) Constitutional symptoms of weight loss, fatigue, and night sweats (cancer) Intermittent weakness, numbness, tingling, and visual disturbances or loss (multiple sclerosis) Steatorrhea, jaundice, and right upper quadrant pain (cholestasis) Urinary frequency, excessive thirst, and weight loss (diabetes) Past medical history should identify known causative disorders (eg, renal disease, cholestatic disorder, cancer being treated with chemotherapy) and the patient's emotional state.
Objectives of the study: Identify risk factors in gastrointestinal surgery at the Department of Surgery, Bach Mai hospital in 2011 - 2013.
(See also the American Academy of Pediatrics' 2020 clinical report Identification, Evaluation, and Management of Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.)
Thus, all patients without contraindications (eg, statin-induced myopathy, liver dysfunction) to therapy should receive a statin at the maximally tolerated dose as early as possible following ACS regardless of their serum lipid levels.
Background: Amikacin is an important therapeutic option for the treatment of life-threatening gram-negative bacteria infections.
Conclusion: The study revealed the different tendency of using types of antibiotic.
The chance of doing the right thing and completing the 6 steps is 71.9%.
Transportation: Vessel Berthing 85, 39%, 14.61% called for rescue.
378 nurses selected randomly from 3 hospitals with corresponding proportion.
A safe and effective use of immunosuppressants for optimal therapeutic benefit in transplant patients is a matter of constant concern.
There are 2 patients with scar repair.
Some remarks on the clinical and subclinical characteristics of patients with Fallot's quadriplegic adults are indicated for full surgical treatment
The percentage of paternal and maternal exposure with teratogens (insecticides, detergents, hair dye, leather dye and dioxin) were 2.32% and 1.54% respectively.
Crotalidae immune F (ab') 2 (equine) is a newly available horse-derived antivenom consisting of reconstituted Crotalidae immune Fab2 fragments and is used to treat North American rattlesnake bites in adults and children.
The purpose of this study was to explore the link between medication literacy and medication adherence in type 2 diabetes outpatients.
To achieve good results the most important issues is indicated for the treatment.
Methods: 122 patients retrospectively diagnosed lumbar stenosis are not instability due to degeneration and lumbar disc herniation below 3 levels by decompression surgery and discectomy plus placing interspine (1/2014 to 6/2015) in Cho Ray hospital.
Materials: From January 2009 to April 2014, forty-three patients with simple bone cyst were treated with curettage and bone grafting in Orthopaedic Pathology Department of Hospital for Traumatology and Orthopaedics. Results: The patients were followed up for mean period of 42.5 months and the rate of failure was 20%.
In D-lactic acidosis, treatment is IV fluids, restriction of carbohydrates, and sometimes oral antibiotics (eg, metronidazole) for short bowel syndrome and bicarbonate for severe acidosis.
Results: The prevalence of the MS according to the revised Asian NCEP / ATP III criteria was 45, 72% (48 patients); Among MS characteristics, hypertriglyceridemia and low HDL-C occupy the highest proportion (69, 52% and 61, 91%); Come next are hypertension (45, 72%), then waist circumference and / or high BMI, hyperglycemia with 39, 05% and 37, 14%, respectively.
Objectives: To evaluate the success of condom as a tamponade to arrest intractable PPH due to uterine atony in patients not responding to medical management.
The toxic effects usually begin during the 1st week of illness with loss of ocular accommodation and bulbar palsy, causing dysphagia and nasal regurgitation.
Results: Among 27 patients, the mean age was 53.0 ± 9.7 years, and the female to male ratio was 3: 1.
There were various advantages and disadvantages of donor nerves sources. However, the use of ipsilateral donor nerve is said to have many benefits.
For high-risk pregnancies, fetal HR must be checked every 15 minutes during the 1st stage and every 3 to 5 minutes during the 2nd stage.
Possible inciting antigens include viruses that cause upper respiratory infections, streptococcal infection, drugs, foods, insect bites, and immunizations.
Drug history should include questions about use of drugs that could affect vision (eg, corticosteroids) and treatments for disorders affecting vision (eg, diabetic retinopathy).
Studies of cyp2c19 genotype by multiplex realtime pcr in gastric biopsies from patients infected with h.pylori
Objective: This study aimed to describe the clinical manifestation and the results of applying the skin and mucus nursing care process.
At this time, reticulocyte count reachs to 24.31 ± 15.95G / L and erythroblast percentage is also elevated to 22, 83 ± 12, 22%.
Whole lung lavage is the current standard therapy, and adjuvant pharmacological therapies are being investigated.
They characteristically involve one hand and arm, although they can occur anywhere on the body; primary lesions may occur on exposed surfaces of the feet or face.
Methods: Cross-sectional study at Nhan Dan Gia Dinh hospital on 324 health professionals about their prevalence to give brief consultation 5A for smoking cessation.
Neonatal Pneumonia By Brenda L Tesini, MD, University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry Reviewed / Revised Jul 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Etiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Chlamydial Pneumonia Treatment Neonatal pneumonia is lung infection in a neonate.
Keywords: Fusarium MD TR1, MD-TR3, Trichoderma TT-L1, Candida albicans, MRSA
Result: Crescent sign, epiphyseal collapse and bone marrow edema were related to pain.
Other adverse effects that have been reported are depression, insomnia, and upset stomach.
Research and application of stem cells and cell therapy in Vietnam: Situation and approach solutions
DNA sequencing data were confirmed some homopolymeric regions hindered sequencing regions dute to homopolymer A / T at exon 20.
Results: After LPI, the mean TIA, ARA, AOD at 500 microns and 250 microns increased restrospectively 14.85º, 0.085±0.05 mm2, 0.072±0.050 mm and 0.042±0.037 mm.
"But since diuretics are sometimes important for the treatment of these patients, we need to find risk models and apply them to the individual treatment of each patient," she reaffirmed.
Subjects were divided randomly into two groups: group 1 with three-acupoint formula (hunger, stomach and endocrine) and group 2 with five-acupoint formula (Shenmen, Hunger, Stomach, Spleen and Endocrine).
Keywords: COVID-19, SARS-CoV-2, epidemiological characteristics.
Each lateral wall of the cavity has three turbinates, which are bony shelves that increase the surface area, thus providing more effective heat and moisture exchange.
Familial retinoblastoma in 3%, bilateral in 32.3%, focuses in 24.2%, the age occured retinoblastoma under 12 months in 46.5%. Conclusion: Have a strong relation between poorly differentiated and markers of heredity retinoblastoma: familial, bilateral, focuses, and the age occured retinoblastoma under 12 months.
This disease is diagnosed by clinical symptoms and doppler US.
More severe toxicity is unusual, but the following have occurred: hepatic necrosis, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, anaphylaxis, alopecia, and, when taken for long periods of time during the 1st trimester of pregnancy, congenital fetal anomalies.
Objectives: To determine the rate of exclusive breastfeeding in the first six months and describe the factos associated with the rate of exclusive breastfeeding of Ede ethenic minority in Daklak province.
The mean age was 60±17.3.
For example, hearing impairment impairs voice modulation and can lead to disordered voice.
Some studies suggest that children with accelerated speech development are of above-average intelligence.
Although the lungs are the initial site of infection, disease can spread to many organs.
Two kidney transplant patients have concentrations of sCD25 / plasma increase from the 4th day to 6th day after kidney transplantation with sCD25 concentration / plasma respectively 5713, 2 pg / mL and 6196, 6 pg / mL, then gradually reduced until the 11th day after transplantation.
The outside antrum was pneumatized in 100% of all temporal bones, the inside antrum in 99.3%, the petrous apex in 44.2% and the zygomatic cells in 55.4%.
Prevalence of human papiloma virus and risk factors related to recancerous lesions of the cervix in women from 18 to 60 years
She said it is not clear whether the small for gestational age babies were "healthy or unhealthy."
Inclusion criteria Patients included in the study include the following criteria: + Symptomactic patients of peptic ulcer bleeding include vomiting of blood and / or black stools.
Most patients had good contact points.
Small amounts of hemorrhage (ie, < 10% of blood volume) are tolerated well by most patients.
Results: Cataract extraction surgery were carried out on 52 patients of which 75% were due to ocular perforating trauma.
To describe the clinical characteristics of the lower wisdom teeth of patients with indications for extraction of RKHD when visiting the dental clinic at the Institute of Odonto-Stomatology and Hanoi Medical University Hospital in 2021 - 2022.
Vegetarian diet in the period of developing economics
However, symptoms suggestive of hypoglycemia are far more common than the condition itself.
In particular, each race has a different morphology and structure.
Acne fulminans is acute, febrile, ulcerative acne, characterized by the sudden appearance of confluent abscesses leading to hemorrhagic necrosis.
Objectives: Using multiplex RT-PCR to detect the types of BCR / ABL transcripts in chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) and acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
Conclusion: Abdominal CT proved superior to plain abdominal radiography in confirming strangulation and in evaluating blood perfusion of strangulated small bowel.
However, commercially available luteinizing hormone (LH) prediction test kits, which identify the midcycle LH surge, are probably the best way for women to determine when ovulation occurs and are less time-consuming than measuring BBT.
Health care practitioners should always ask themselves the following: How will the results of the treatment or diagnostic test impact this patient's quality of life?
Give up to 5 quick, forceful back blows between the infant's shoulder blades using the palm of your free hand.
Objectives: To determine causes of pancytopenia in children via bone marrow aspiration at Hematology Department, Children hospital 1, from July 2017 to May 2018.
The study group have continued apply the PCR using the specific primers designed by themselves to test on 13 clinical samples collected from 11 patients who have been suspected or differentiated H5N1 infection by clinicians, and the results that have come from the study group' s PCR are totally the same of the results come from the Institute of Pasteur in HCMC: 2 patients have been confirmed H5N1 infection.
Chronic osteomyelitis is suspected in patients with persistent localized bone pain, particularly if they have risk factors.
The role of exhaled nitric oxide in asthma control - The value of exhaled NO decreased with the treatment of asthma prevention.
Symptom of anxiety: Severe HAM-A scale (45.5%) with frequency of occurrence 5.2 ± 2.7 times / week, survival from 21.9 ± 8.7 Minutes to 32.0 ± 14.8 minutes, most heavy up into the evening (66.7%).
Cyclophosphamide and other anticancer medications can result in endocrine derangements.22 Oestrogen and related drugs have been linked to pulmonary embolism.23 On the other hand, drugs like sildenafil which were initially prescribed for endocrine disorders like erectile dysfunction, were found to have a therapeutic role in managing pulmonary hypertension.
Good results were concerned in the group with no or ≤ 5 mm of lesions, under 15 aged group and unclear border.
The prevalence of peritonitis in children on peritoneal dialysis in vietnam national children’s hospital
Multiple micronutrient fortified biscuits improved the vitamin A and zinc status of school children in rural Vietnam
There is a difference in Global health status score between patients under 65 and those aged 65 and older.
Staging is surgical and includes exploration of the abdomen and pelvis, biopsy or excision of suspicious extrauterine lesions, total abdominal hysterectomy, and, in patients with high-risk features (grade 1 or 2 cancer plus deep myometrial invasion, grade 3 cancer, all cancers with high-risk histology), pelvic and para-aortic lymphadenectomy.
Response usually occurs within 6 to 12 weeks, so symptoms, other disease-severity markers, and pulmonary function test results may be reassessed between 6 and 12 weeks.
There was not statistically significant difference between GRACE score and TIMI score in the prognostic value in-hospital mortality and 30-day mortality (Delong test p = 0.321 for in-hospital mortality and p = 0.08 for 30-day mortality); the specificity of GRACE score was higher than that of TIMI score for in-hospital mortality (81.6% versus 67.1%, p < 0.001) and 30-day mortality (79.2% versus 69.5%, p < 0.001).
Diseases often appear separately and this concept has been ingrained in the subconscious of doctors for a long time.
Some people may even avoid certain activities (eg, shopping, cleaning) because of this fear.
Radiologic investigation should be reserved for children with evidence of anatomic or functional pathology (eg, pyloric stenosis, gastroesophageal reflux).
Diagnosis is based on the characteristic appearance and history.
Activation of the sympathetic nervous system, enhanced aldosterone levels, and increased levels of endothelin by repeated episodes of hypoxia are thought to be responsible in part for the elevation in blood pressure in this disorder [21, 22].
- There are relating between blood donors have clinical response to unwanted with factors such as staying up late, no breakfast, little sleep (less than 6 hours), anxious / nervous when donating blood. Conclusions: There are relating between blood donors have clinical response to unwanted with factors such as staying up late, no breakfast, little sleep (less than 6 hours), anxious / nervous when donating blood.
In clinical type, the pattern of stagnation of cold-dampness accounts for 38.3%, stagnation of Qi and blood stasis 30.9%, deficiency of Qi and blood 18.7% deficiency of the liver and kidney 10.5%.
Combined therapy with fluconazole and ketoconazole has a higher rate of cure (79.0%), followed by oral itraconazole (71.3%), and ketoconazole shampoo (71.1%).
It also may result from sympathetic interruption, either due to surgery (eg, retroperitoneal lymph node dissection) or to drugs (eg, guanethidine, phentolamine, phenoxybenzamine, thioridazine).
Subject and method: Outpatients at Nguyen Tri Phuong Hospital from October 1, 2020 to March 3, 2021 who use OAC for at least 1 month are directly consulted about diseases and drugs by clinical pharmacists.
Very rarely, osteonecrosis of the jaw (ONJ) with the same clinical manifestations as MRONJ occurs in patients who have not been treated with bisphosphonates or antiresorptive or antiangiogenic agents.
Part-time lecturers must have at least 5 years of clinical teaching-learning experience.
Results: Of 4500 students, 4.9% were overweight and 8.7% were at risk of overweight.
The flattened cusps of worn teeth and weakness of the masticatory muscles may make chewing tiresome, impairing food intake.
Outcomes of perioperative nutritional support in reducing postoperative complications, hospital period and costs in digestive surgical patients with severe malnutrition
Subjects and methods: Cohort study on 180 COPD patients hospitalized for acute lower respiratory tract infections.
The right internal jugular vein is usually preferred over the left for cannulation because it has a larger diameter and affords a straighter path to the superior vena cava.
Hyperkalemia may respond only to hemodialysis.
The group of age of 21 - 30 has the maximal mean strength of 12.6 pounds, group 31 - 40: 12, 6 pounds, group 41 - 50: 12 pounds, group 51 - 60: 11.7 pound; group 61 - 70: 10.1 pounds; 71 years old and more: 7.9 pounds.
For patients receiving a stent for revascularization, aspirin is continued indefinitely.
Antibiotic therapy may need to be modified based on results of culture and sensitivity testing.
Mast cell activation syndrome is increased and inappropriate activation of mast cells without clonal proliferation.
Examination of latent allergy in healthy people with the test of ige, interleukin 4 (il4) in serum and percentage of eosinophils in blood
Keywords: Her2, gastric adenocarcinoma.
Other malformations occur in 30 to 60% of patients, most commonly other gastrointestinal (GI) malformations (eg, gastroschisis, omphalocele, diaphragmatic hernia, intestinal atresia, Meckel diverticulum).
When used with clarithromycin or fluconazole, rifabutin has been associated with uveitis.
When they reach the end of a line of text, they scan to the left of the column until they see the red line, cueing them to begin reading the next line.
Acute renal failure (ARF) due to animal toxins could be severe enough to need renal replacementtherapy or to proceed to die.
6 months after surgery, the decrease in left ventricular mass, and the transaortic pressure gradient were similar in two groups.
Genital examination should note any discharge or other findings suggesting sexually transmitted infections.
Adamantinoma is slow-growing and often manifests with pain and palpable fullness.
With severe hemolysis, muscle necrosis, and coexisting toxicity, acute renal failure can occur.
Clinical features and paraclinical characteristics and Adenosine deaminase (ADA) Ascites in diagnosing peritoneal tuber culosis
Seborrheic Dermatitis By Thomas M Ruenger, MD, PhD, Georg-August University of Göttingen, Germany Reviewed / Revised Jan 2023 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Seborrheic Dermatitis Seborrheic Dermatitis (Retroauric... Seborrheic Dermatitis (Infant) Seborrheic dermatitis is a common inflammatory condition of skin regions with a high density of sebaceous glands (eg, face, scalp, sternum).
Frequently, there is ear drainage, lymphadenopathy, hepatosplenomegaly, and, in severe cases, hepatic dysfunction with hypoproteinemia and diminished synthesis of clotting factors.
Then withdraw the hook while the barb is covered (see figure Fish hook removal: Needle cover method).
Keywords: atosiban, preterm labor, ocolysis
The results showed that the supplementation of daily Lyzivita multi-micronutrient sachets has improved weight, hemoglobin and Zn concentration of the anemic children 12 - 35 months old.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), every year about 15 million people have a stroke, about 5 million of which become permanently ill and 5 million die.
Assessment for result of the Extracranial-to-Intracranial bypass surgery for treatment of Moyamoya disease / syndrome.
If the medial iris is in shadow, the chamber is shallow and dilation should be avoided.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus
Amniocentesis and ultrasonography permit accurate in utero detection of many malformations, and newer fetal MRI techniques are increasingly useful.
Impairment of chylomicron and lipoprotein absorption results in malabsorption of fats and protein.
When the date of conception is unknown and the menstrual cycles are irregular, unreliable, or information about them is not available, ultrasonography may be the sole source of the estimated date of delivery.
Investigation on oral health status and dental caries of 3-5 year old children in Nha Trang city
A high PTH concentration suggests pseudohypoparathyroidism or an abnormality of vitamin D metabolism Hypoparathyroidism is further characterized by high serum phosphate and normal alkaline phosphatase.
Compared with group that appeared 1 random clinical symptom, the group that appeared from 2 and more random clinical symptoms, serum albumin ≤ 25g / l and serum protein < 40 g / l increase differently, the difference is statistically significant with p <0.05.
However, the smell may become obvious if the person with smelly feet visits a home where shoes are taken off before entering, as is the custom in various countries and homes.
Aims: To estimate the rate of self-medication and determine factors associated with self-medication.
The multivariate regression model was used to analyze the relationship between Facebook addiction and related factors.
Conclusions: S2 alar-iliac (S2AI) fixation for long fusions provides safe and effective correction in the saggital planes and improves postoperative quality of life.
Video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) 53 cases.
Discussion and conclusion: The people with good awares also have positive behavior and positive behavior 1.6 times and 4.2 times higher than people with no knowledge.
The discoloration is more visible on the nose under artificial light (shown) and on the palms of the hands but spares the sclera and mucous membranes.
Poor sleep quality was defined as a PSQI score>5 The prevalence of poor sleep quality among 50 - 65 years old women in Vung Tau city in 2020 is 48.4%, the mean PSQI score is 6.02 ± 3.96.
Their preoccupation with the details and making sure everything is perfect can endlessly delay completion.
Therefore, an anatomical study is required to giude the effective and safe harvest of DLANF.
Keywords: Shewhart control chart, dispensing process, medication errors.
Results 302 patients were included in the study.
In 2006, the study was implemented in 3 communes / quarters in Nam Dinh and 6 in Hanoi.
Results: The most frequent reasons of unilateral vocal fold paralysis were surgery (31.8%), followed by neoplasm (28.8%) and idiopathy (22.7%).
The prevalence of overweight and obesity were 19.5%.
Patients not in shock are candidates for such an approach but should be monitored closely for evidence of decreased end-organ perfusion, such as hypotension, oliguria, thready pulses, or cool extremities.
Polymyxin B has not been adequately evaluated in animal reproduction studies.
Widmark factor for breath alcohol concentration of student volunteers at school of medicine-vietnam national university hochiminh city
Concomitant dislocations are possible.
Diagnosis of Mycoplasmas For M pneumoniae, nucleic acid-based testing or detection of antibodies For M genitalium, nucleic acid-based testing Culture is technically difficult and often unavailable, but laboratory diagnosis is possible with nucleic acid amplification tests (NAATs) or by detection of antibodies (for M pneumoniae); frequently, diagnosis must be by exclusion.
The therapeutical efficiency was also demonstrated to be influenced by some pathological factors of epilepsy.
Renal involvement most often manifests as tubulointerstitial nephritis, usually as asymptomatic impairment of kidney function, sometimes requiring dialysis.
Results: The frequency of fast food consumption of 1 - 3 times per month accounted for the highest percentage (43.3%).
showed vaccines can be based on the S protein include full-length S protein, viral vector, DNA, recombinant S protein and recombinant RBD protein.
The prevalence of postoperative bleeding, temporary recurrent laryngeal nerve paralysis and temporary hypoparathyroidism were 0%, 2.5% and 5%.
Objectives: Establish procedures for the acquisition and identification of mesenchymal stem cells from rabbit adipose tissue used for testing on animal models.
Most common frequent rick factor are: ederly (56 - 60), rural living (67%), exposure to heavy iron (38%), chemical, insecticide, herbicide (41%), farming well - water (70%), BMI ≥ 23 (37%), determinant (4%), smoking (24%), caffeine (41%).
Cervical cancer does not develop suddenly and is preceded by precancerous changes of the cervix.
Oil-based preparations are moisturizing and are preferred for chronic inflammation.
Conclusions: Short gut syndrome in children had high ratios of malnutrition and mortality. given limited TPN and continuous gastric gavage.
While spreading the labia and asking the patient to bear down, the examiner checks the vaginal opening for signs of pelvic organ prolapse: an anterior bulge (suggesting cystocele), a posterior bulge (suggesting rectocele), and displacement of the cervix toward the introitus (suggesting prolapsed uterus).
History and additional findings from the physical examination (jugular veins, lung and extremity examinations) are required to determine whether weight changes are related to changes in volume status and / or amount of muscle or fat.
This study aimed at evaluating the effectiveness of perioperative nutritional support in reducing postoperative complications, costs and length of hospital stay in severely undernourished patients undergoing major gastrointestinal surgery.
Urodynamic investigation revealed involuntary contractions in filling stage with vesical pressure ≥15 cmH2O.
The clinical, para-clinical characteristics and evaluate the results of treatment esophageal foreign body at Can Tho ENT Hospital
Objectives: Subject evaluate the safety, efficiency and the results of a SILS appendicitis.
Clinicians who give any of these immunomodulators should be prepared to identify and treat anaphylaxis or allergic hypersensitivity reactions.
Forty hundred caretakers of children under 6 years of age were investigated, based on a questionnaire while their children received vaccination and vitamin A drugs prevention. Results: Only 3% had proper knowledge about UTI symptoms, 25% had appropriate knowledge about the care for prevention of UTI and 23% had good attitudes towards prevention of UTI Conclusions: Caretaker's knowledge about the care and prevention of UTI remains limited.
The relationship between symptoms and health facility choice in the central region vietnam.
English summary: Aims: The objective of this investigation was to select, evaluate and improve efficacy of the bio trans formation from castor oil to the aroma γ-Decalactone by the yeasts isolated from Nem Chua, the Vietnamese traditional fermented sausage.
This were a case series study of patients who had surgical treatment of adjacent segment disease in lumbar spine from 9/2017 to 3/2019 at Nguyen Tri Phuong hospital.
Electromyographically, CTS is diagnosed when there is one or more of following parameters: difference between median and ulnar motor latency (DMLd) > 1.25ms (sensitivity: 91.8%), difference between median and ulnar sensory latency (DSLd) > 0.79ms (sensitivity: 93.34%), motor conduction velocity ratio (MCVr) < 90% (sensitivity: 95.9%), sensory conduction velocity ratio (SCVr) < 90% (sensitivity: 100%).
Testing Testing is targeted at the suspected cause (see Table: Some Causes of Crying) and particular attention is paid to potential life threats, unless the history and physical examination are sufficient for diagnosis.
There were significant associations between the presence of colorectal polyps and patient's age > 50, anemia, and recent-onset (i. e.
Conclusions: Alcohol consumption, heavy smoking and diabetes mellitus were the most important risk factors of chronic pancreatitis.
Documentation of lung maturity is necessary (2).
Men increased the risk of having COPD by 2.45 (1.9 - 3.1) times to compare with women.
The specific intervention measures should be developed and implemented to reduce anemia and vitamin A deficiency rates in the coming years.
Before PEX, SOFA scores were similar in both groups, Ranson score was higher than that in non-PEX group.
The longer atrial fibrillation is present, the less likely is spontaneous conversion and the more difficult is cardioversion because of atrial remodeling (rapid atrial rate-induced changes in atrial electrophysiology that are dominated by a decrease in atrial refractoriness and may also include increase in spatial dispersion of atrial refractoriness, slowed atrial conduction velocity, or both).
If the patient has received a transfusion in the last 3 months, a positive result could also represent alloantibodies to transfused RBCs (usually occurring in acute or delayed hemolytic reaction).
Surgical skin-grafting may also be considered.
Internal hemorrhoids typically manifest with bleeding after defecation; blood is noted on toilet tissue and sometimes in the toilet bowl.
If the entire evaluation reveals no cause, liver biopsy may be warranted.
There was no complication in the treatment.
86.7% have sleep disorders.
Keywords: Cancer pain, coeliac plexus block, hypogastric plexus block, lung cancer ablation.
A number of medical disorders (eg, thyroid disorders, brain infections or tumors) and drug intoxication must be ruled out with appropriate medical assessment, including a toxicology screen for drugs of abuse and environmental toxins.
Conclusion: The study contributed to understanding the clinical and radiographic characteristics of irreversible pulpitis in the mandibular first molar group, in order to find a solution to use endodontic instruments in root canal treatment safely and prolong the life of permanent teeth on the arch, especially the mandibular first molars.
To describe the current situation in the implementation of regulations in medical solid waste management at some public general hospitals in Vietnam in 2017.
All the patients had significant improvement of ischemic pain or dystrophic changes. Conclusion: Sympathectomy can be performed by retroperitoneal endoscopy using the advantages of a minimally invasive surgery. This is safe and effective technique.
Medical Assessment of the Patient With Mental Symptoms By Michael B.
The rate of second kidney was 33.33% and the third is 30%, 43.33% postoperative GFR returned to normal levels and even renal failure 1 to 2 of about 20%.
ASA ≥ 3, cannot be intubated.
Evaluating the results of surgical treatment: postoperative mortality, complications, postoperative complications, resulting pathology diagnosis renal cell carcinoma.
Expression Bcl6 protein reduces the role of Rituximab in treatment DLBCL; there was no significant difference in improving PFS, OS between the RCHOP and CHOP groups in treatment DLBCL.
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma is not one disease but rather a category of lymphocyte cancers with a number of subgroups largely divided into aggressive and indolent types.
The well-recovered group had milder pain.
These patients often also have a substance use disorder.
Snoring can have significant social consequences.
Chemoprophylaxis should be given as soon as possible (ideally within 24 hours of identification of the index patient); chemoprophylaxis given > 2 weeks after exposure is likely of little to no value.
Conclusion: The prevalence of overweight and obesity among pupils was high and showed the upward trend.
After 10 days with steroid therapy (1 - 2mg / kg): recovery rate was 36.3%.
Apo B measurement includes all atherogenic particles, including remnants and Lp (a).
Results: Three methods were suitable to determine urea concentration in fish sauce of Vietnam.
Materials and methods: determine the acute toxicity of the remedy by the Litchfield - Wilcoxon method on Swiss white mice.
Mean admission time was 4.9 ± 3 days, and there was a statistical relationship between longer admission time with antibiotics use, IV fluid administration, associated pneumo-bronchitis, dehydration, and decreased blood potassium. Conclusion: Epidemiological characteristics of child acute diarrhea are consistent compared to the previous years.
Sexual abuse is an uncommon cause, but is too important to miss.
Acute withdrawal of alcohol can cause delirium tremens in a patient with chronic alcoholism, which can lead to injury of the patient as well as others.
Conclusion: By our 3 initial cases we realize that laparoscopic augmentation ileocystoplasty for TB contracted bladder is feasible, safe, and have satisfactory short term functional and radiological outcomes. It may help to bring in advantages of MIS to our patients.
- Movement needs bit with bitting - Difference in amplitude from the healthy side is ≥5 mm.
Sleep patterns are often disorganized.
Keyword: Physical activity, inflammation, anti-inflammation, aging.
Background: Acute respiratory infection is an infectiougs disease occurs throughout the year.
Mice were orally administered TNV at the dose 1.4 g / kg b. w, twice a day for 7 or 14 days as prophylaxis treatment before given intraperitoneally injection of single dose CCl4 0.25%, 10 mL/Kg.
It is caused by SARS-CoV-2, a coronavirus discovered in 2019.
This study demonstrates that the presented alveolar cleft volume assessment method is a fast, effective and practical method for the clinician.
Keywords: Vascular age, coronary artery lesions, Framingham risk score, Gensini score.
The results of the reusability of the catalyst showed that DES could be used four times without significantly decreasing catalytic activity after each use.
The results indicated that both extracts effectively recovered the number of leukocytes, platelets and hemoglobin depletion caused by cyclophosphamide.
Methods: We describe a renal transplantation recipient with allograft renal vein thrombosis associated with deep venous thrombosis of right lower limb, 8 months after transplantation.
Reference source not found.).
All patients are consulted about their diseases and honesty of the researcher.
Episodes of mild trauma may trigger the arthritis.
To determine the abnormal level and average index of arterial blood gas (ABG) in 31 patients with chronic heart failure, acute heart failure, cardiogenic shock, pulmonary hypertension crisis, hypoxic spell, admitted to Cardiovascular department, Children's Hospital N02, Ho Chi Minh city, between June 01, 2005 and July 15, 2006.
To prevent increasing obesity, Mets and cardiovascular risk factor in children as well as adults.
Thus, lumbar puncture should be considered high risk with any of the following: Papilledema Focal neurologic deficits Focal seizures A known central nervous system mass lesion Large stroke Suspected central nervosus system focal infection In such cases, lumbar puncture may cause brain herniation and thus is deferred until neuroimaging (typically CT or MRI) is done to check for increased ICP or a mass effect.
Results: A case of a 15-year-old boy having fulminant myocarditis with a circulatory failure was treated inotropics and mechanical ventilation.
Subjects and research methods: Cross-sectional description of inpatients at the National Institute of Mental Health - Bach Mai Hospital from August 2021 to August 2022 diagnosed with Mental and behavioral disorders due to use of alcohol according to ICD 10.
These tissues change according to the period of mammary gland activity.
There was a relationship between age, household economic conditions and nutritional status of women of childbearing age with p < 0.001.
Patients with type 2 diabetes and mildly elevated plasma glucose should be prescribed a trial of diet and exercise, followed by a non-insulinantihyperglycemic drug (often metformin) if lifestyle changes are insufficient.
Cross investigating 100 patients with HCC and 100 patients with cirrhosis infected by HBV in Cho Ray hospital, we found the prevalence of 5 HBV seromarkers as follows: HBsAg (+) in 87% patients with HCC and 74% in patients with cirrhosis; HBcAb (+) in 94% HCC patients and 93% cirrhotic patients.
Recurrent pneumothorax was the most frequent indication for surgery, occurring in 83 patients.
Perioperative factors: cadiopulmonary bypass time, hypothermia, corticoids using, transfusion.
This is a cross-sectional de - scriptive survey in a selected commune with representative sample of mothers with children under 2 and children under 5.
Objective: 23 patients with BPPV were treated in Neurology Department of Cua Dong General Hospital and Neurology Center of Bach Mai Hospital from February 2022 to October 2022.
Increased pain threshold at the dermatomes of T7, T8, T9, T10, T11, T12, L1, L2, L3 after applying acupunctural anesthesia on CV. 5 and CV.4.
There was a statistically significant difference in the proportion of mothers having right behaviour between the two group after adjusting the confound variables: age, previous child having fever convulsion, one with its right knowledge and the other without right knowledge (p<0.001, OR=14.78; 95% confidence level=4.20 - 52.02).
Breastfeeding: The highest proportion of consent for early initiation of breastfeeding was as early as possible, accounting for 94%, exclusive breastfeeding was 94%, breastfeeding was 90.8% 4% to 6 months of exclusive breastfeeding, 88% consent to breastfeeding counseling, 86% for breastfeeding and 86%, do not agree to give milk to drink water after each feed accounted for 86.5%, not agree to feed milk formula for several days to breast milk accounted for 86.3%.
Keywords: modern contraception, cesarean section.
Subjects Patients diagnosed with AP increase TG at the Department of Intensive Care of Bach Mai Hospital from December 2015 to May 2019.
If the placenta is incomplete, the uterine cavity should be explored manually.
Tumor normal liver ratio TNr is an important index to estimate delivery dose to tumor individually to boost higher dose to tumor. TNr was estimated as formula: 1.5.3.
The cross-sectional descriptive research was conducted on 42 individuals under the age of 15 who were infected with a fungal illness in the Outpatient Department of Vinh Medical University Hospital from January to April 2021.
The positive rate of genexpert mtb/rif in cerebrospinal fluid in patients with tuberculous meningitis at pham ngoc thach hospital
Results: Among 225 patients participated, majority (88%) were aware of sun exposure effects on lupus.
Detect early swallowing difficulties in patients with acute ischemic to prevent, impairment of complication, function of swallowing, impairment of humeral and neural systems.
Variably Protease-Sensitive Prionopathy (VPSPr) By Brian Appleby, MD, Case Western Reserve University Reviewed / Revised Nov 2022 View Patient Education Variably protease-sensitive prionopathy (VPSPr) is a rare sporadic prion disease (identified in 2008).
Materials and Methods: In a prospective study, of 12 cases with 15 radial clubhands of Bayne III and IV (with average age 19 months (range 8 months - 35 months) with all males, were treated by gradual soft tissue stretching using corrective cast, followed by centralization (16 cases) and tendon transfers.
There are 6 factors exert an influence on result: mastoid cavity condition, mastoid cavity epithilium, mastoid cavity volume, posterior bony canall wall, the bone conduction thresholds in audiometry result and the temporal bone CT scan result.
Fifty patients (82.6%) had microsurgery to remove the tumors completely.
Chronic tubulointerstitial nephritis Symptoms and signs are generally absent in chronic tubulointerstitial nephritis unless renal failure develops.
Purpose: We study the therapeutic indications, the techniques of hepatectomy and the results.
If gram-negative bacilli are cultured in significant concentrations from sputum or blood and are identified on gram stain, the antibiotic regimen should be modified to cover the specific pathogen in addition to anaerobes.
The intersinus sphenoid septum is also taken off.
Patients were diagnosed of 6 AML, 1 CML and 1 ALL.
The difference was statistically significant compared with the model batch with p < 0.01.
Diagrammatic representation of Tanner stages I to V for development of pubic hair in girls From Marshall WA, Tanner JM: Variations in patterns of pubertal changes in girls.
Clinical characteristics and survival outcome of patients diagnosed with ALK gene mutated non-small lung cancer treated with the second generation TKIS - Ceritinib at K hospital and Hanoi oncology hospital in Vietnam
Methods: Next generation sequencing was used to identify over 20 genes with a high mutation rate in colorectal cancer.
The main variables were the duration of parenteral feeding (total, partial) and enteral feeding with breast milk at entrance, leave isolation ward, and at discharge.
Only free T3 and free T4 are available to act on the peripheral tissues.
Takahashi found a correlation between IL-17A serum concentration and disease severity.
Besides, 7.5% cases which had high neutrophil leukocytes were transudates.
The thesis consists of 41 tables, 45 figures, 7 graphs, 119 references (Vietnamese: 18; 101) 2 Chapter 1 OVERVIEW DOCUMENT 1.1.
The characteristics of fascioliasis in children and the differences between fascioliasis and opisthorchiidea diseases
To evaluate early results of thyroid cancer surgery at Hanoi Medical University Hospital
This study failed to show any decrease in postphlebitic syndrome with use of compression stockings.
Those who developed hyponatremia during hospital stay had a higher shock rate, longer invasive mechanical ventilation and hospital stay time (p < 0.04).
Postoperative and Preprosthetic Considerations Postoperative management goals are to Protect the residual limb from accidental trauma (eg, bumping, falls) Control edema Promote healing Maintain strength, cardiovascular endurance, and joint range of motion There are many dressing options to protect the residual limb and control edema.
Many tumors, regardless of location, respond similarly to surgery and to radiation therapy, allowing other factors such as patient preference or location-specific morbidity to determine choice of therapy.
If myopathy is suspected (suggested by muscle weakness, muscle cramping, and pain), muscle enzymes (eg, creatine kinase [CK], aldolase, lactic dehydrogenase [LDH]) may be measured.
The shorter hospital stay, ecconomic, cosmetic and faster overall recovery is obviously of benefit to the patient, but importantly the longer - term tumour control appears to be equivalent to that following nephroureterectomy.
- The thesis has provided the study results of Hoang Kinh's effects regardings toxicological and pharmacological effects on experimental models and clinical treatment of rheumatoid arthritis disease.
Materials and methods: A cross-sectional study on 280 medical records of patients prescribed carbapenem at Department of Intensive care and anti-poison at Ninh Thuan General hospital from 07/2020 to 12/2020.
Serum urate should be measured periodically, usually monthly while determining required drug dosage and then at least yearly to confirm the effectiveness of therapy or more often if there are drug changes or weight gain.
Short term results Complications after surgery: Infection, fluid accumulation, saliva leakage are not seen in any case.
Objectives: to determine the proportion of hypertension patients practising drug treatment and lifestyle alterations.
Patients using low doses of carbapenem had a 1.9-fold increased risk of non-response (95% CI: 1.0 - 3.7).
The sensitivity and specificity of CA125 in ovarian carcinoma are 88%, 70%.
The aims of this study to determine the valuation of CEA in follow-up the patients who have lung cancer.
The principle phosphatonin in hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets is fibroblast growth factor-23 (FGF-23).
APACHE II and SOFA score on the day of ICU admission were 21.9±9.3 and 12.7±3.8, respectively.
Exclusion criteria Patients with a history of heart failure, chronic renal failure, adrenal insufficiency, hypothyroidism, pituitary disease. Patients with brain tumors, tuberculous meningitis, cerebral infarction...
Overall CT interpretation had a sensitivity of 76.1%.
Trientine hydrochloride, also a chelating drug, is an alternative treatment to penicillamine.
For bleeding due to portal hypertensive gastropathy, beta blockers can be used to decrease portal pressure.
Lymphocyte subpopulations are measured in patients with lymphocytopenia.
Linoleic acid exits in all kinds of foods (except for steamed pancake banh cuon), but it was found only with a small amount in guong candy (30mg/100gr), gai cake (16mg/100gr) and steamed black bean with sticky rice (9mg/100gr).
Laparoscopic colectomie for colon cancer short-term outcome
Methods: A case series study (include prospective and retrospective) of adult patients (≥ 16 years old) admitted to the Adults Intensive Care Unit and Vietnam-England Department from 01/2015 to 12/2017.
In the group of benign ovarian tumors, the serous type accounts for the most (45.9%).
The positive factors effecting median OS were HFSR (14.6 months vs 5.8 months, p=0.002), stomatitis (23.8 months vs 6.7 month, p=0.045), hypertension (45.2 months vs 6.7 months, p=0.011), no elevated liver enzymes (10.4 months vs 5.9 month, p=0.028).
Determine the value of CT in the diagnosis of choledocholithiasis at position; size of stones; quantity of stones; combined stones.
Ischemic territory changes were defined as parenchymal CT hypoattenuation.
No case of keloids was associated with relapse after three and six months treament period.
Patients are urged to keep a written headache diary to document the number and timing of attacks, possible triggers, and response to treatment.
Average energy intake was 1198 Kcal / person/24 hour, meeting 70.2% of Recommended Dietary Allowances.
Menarche occurs within a wide range, with most girls in the United States starting their periods at 12 or 13 years (see figure Puberty—when female characteristics develop).
2 18 patients, classified as Injury in RIFLE, but they had indication of RRT, so were in stage III of KDIGO.
Acute monocular loss of vision with an afferent pupillary defect indicates a lesion of the eye or of the optic nerve anterior to the optic chiasm.
However, there is about 30% of acute leukemias (in total of 10% of cases which can not be evaluated by bone marrow aspiration) in which the marrow fluid is fail to obtain (dry tap) or the bone marrow is diluted with blood many times. In these case, bone marrow biopsy and immunohistochemistry have principle role in the diagnosis and classification of acute leukemia.
The most prevalent orbital tumor was dermoid cyst (33.3%), neurofibroma (25%).
For people traveling to endemic areas, active immunization with the 17D strain of live-attenuated yellow fever vaccine (0.5 mL subcutaneously) ≥ 10 days before traveling is indicated; the vaccine is effective in 95%.
Assessment of knowledge on hepatitis b and rate of antiviral drugs among pregnant women in hungvuong hospital
Flibanserin, a serotonin-receptor agonist / antagonist, can be used in premenopausal women with female sexual interest / arousal disorder.
In 2006, there are 2 cases at our Oncology Hospital.
Reduction Dislocations are reduced.
The actual birth weight was the factor affecting the accuracy of the McDonald's formula in fetal weight estimation.
With marked hypokalemia, the T wave becomes progressively smaller and the U wave becomes increasingly larger.
Compounds were isolated by using various chromatographic methods.
Conclusions: Medical students at Hue University of Medicine and Pharmacy expressed positive attitudes towards CS training. Training medical students in CS was able to improve their attitudes and CS.
Worms may also migrate subconjunctivally across the eyes.
Risk assessment of musculoskeletal disorder by rapid upper limb assessment method on workers in a electronic company
Based on the specific chromosomal rearrangements, three clinical groups have been identified: favorable, intermediate, and poor (see table Prognosis of Acute Myeloid Leukemia Based on Some Common Cytogenetic Abnormalities).
Colon lipoma is a rare benign disease in the gastrointestinal tract, the incidence is about 0.035% to 4.4%.
Results: Of the subjects 68.7% had dental erosion.
Depression, common among patients with dementia, may affect behavior and must be identified.
Depending on the cause of the dislocation, nerves may be bruised, crushed, or torn.
Six patients were successfully treated with complete wound healing (66.7%).
Objectives: To determine the percentage of street vendors in district 1, Ho Chi Minh City, who were aware of the knowledge and proper practice on food hygiene and safety.
Medical abortion and dilation and evacuation (D&E) were used to terminate the pregnancy, with the percentage of those were 25, 7% and 74, 3%, respectively.
The evaluation of common carotid artery morphology, elation of which to cholesterol and trigliceride disorder in blood
Dehumidifiers should be used in basements and in other poorly aerated, damp rooms to reduce mold.
If intensity varies, the murmur tends to crescendo in volume up to S2.
BP and weight are measured every 2 weeks; BUN and creatinine levels plus creatinine clearance are measured often, at intervals dictated by severity and progression of disease.
Value of some routine paraclinical tests in diagnosing differentially pleural effusion due to tuberculosis and cance
Profile of non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with acute myocardial infarction
These surgical approach were done by the intra-auricular or posterior external auricular incision with endoscope or microscopic.
Diseases caused by Haemophilus species H influenzae causes many childhood infections, including meningitis, bacteremia, septic arthritis, pneumonia, tracheobronchitis, otitis media, conjunctivitis, sinusitis, and acute epiglottitis.
Keywords: ascites, serum-ascites albumin gradient, sensitivity, specificity.
Conclusions: Microperc is a safe and efficacious method of treatment for small renal calculi.
In the US and many developed countries, all neonates are screened for phenylketonuria 24 to 48 hours after birth with one of several blood tests; abnormal results are confirmed by directly measuring phenylalanine levels.
Changing in microclimate during a day and on a seasonal basis at h.w garment company
Treatment of Nail-Patella Syndrome Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors for proteinuria and hypertension Sometimes kidney transplantation There is no specific treatment for nail-patella syndrome, but proteinuria and hypertension can be treated with ACE inhibitors.
In Viet Nam, few studies were done on coronary heart disease in women, especially acute coronary syndrome in women.
Parents should be advised not to limit or forego separations in response to separation anxiety; this response could compromise the child's maturation and development.
For example, eating after the evening meal contributes to excess weight gain in many people who do not have night-eating syndrome.
Learning some characteristics of immunological imprints in children with lymphocytic leukemia in the National Institute of Hematology - Blood Transfusion
Moreover, boosting inspection and surveillance activities and communication via media, posters, leafleaves, panels should also be implemented.
10.9% had complications more than 1 month after surgery.
Background: Though savilary tumors are not common, their pathological features are complicated.
Drug induced liver injury assessment
In more severely affected patients (eg, those with previous hospitalizations), colonization with Pseudomonas aeruginosa or other gram-negative bacteria is common.
In Ho Chi Minh City there are also some reseaches on Cancer of Oncology Hospital.
Conclusion: Infertility characteristics, indications of oocyte donation, age of husband, endometrial pattern on the day of progesterone given, number of oocytes obtained, and number of embryos transferred can be predictive factors for the result of clinical pregnancy in oocyte donation cycles.
Sesamoiditis is particularly common among dancers, joggers, and people who have high-arched feet or wear high heels.
However, a few children develop only minor neurologic signs and have normal intelligence.
The mutations typically cause perturbation of function in proteins involved in growth and development of connective tissue, bone, or cartilage (see Table: Types of Osteochondrodysplastic Dwarfism).
If you have very oily skin or live in a hot, humid climate, you may prefer an alcohol-based gel or solution, which tends to dry the skin.
Materials and methods: A descriptive cross-sectional study is conducted among 3639 children from 18 to 36 months in kindergartens at Ca Mau province, Vietnam in 2022 by using M-CHAT-R / F scale.
AASLD Practice Guidelines: Diagnosis and Management of Autoimmune Hepatitis in Adults and children: This 2019 guideline addresses clinically relevant questions, using current evidence, expert opinion, systematic reviews of the literature, and the quality of evidence.
For Johnson & Johnson's vaccine, which is given in a single dose, you're considered to be fully vaccinated 2 weeks after you receive that dose.
Functional prognosis is usually favorable for patients being treated with a comprehensive, supportive program, but symptoms tend to persist to some degree.
Results: Among a total of 124 trường hợpses of jaw tumors, there were 56% benign odontogenic, 38% benign non-odontogenic and 6% malignant non-odontogenic.
"This rigorous assessment of the best available evidence to date shows that singleton pregnancies achieved by in vitro fertilization (IVF) are linked with an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes compared with pregnancies conceived naturally," said Panagiotis Anagnostis, MD, clinician and researcher from the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece, who presented the results in a poster and during a press conference at the meeting.
Treat the disorder causing the palsy.
Non-thyroidal illness syndrome in prognosis of acute ischemic stroke.
81.7% of orphans are fed by lactation over 12 months.
Recommendation: It is necessary to continue to monitor and periodically evaluate the rejected sample rate and implement interventions such as increasing training and closely monitoring the process of sample collection, preservation, transportation and handover of pecimens at the hospital. It is necessary to conduct further research to find out the reasons of specimen errors in order to have effective interventions to improve the quality of test samples.
Results: Endoscopic results before discharge and 4 months after surgery showed a wide glottis.
Result: Mean blood pressure after surgery was 141/85 ± 14.6/10.3 mmHg.
Anaphylactic reactions to IV thiamin are rare.
Results: After 10 months, the MACE rate was 3.64%, mortality was 0.91%, myocardial infarction was 1.82%, target lesion revascularization 2.73%).
Eye Contusions and Lacerations By Ann P Murchison, MD, MPH, Wills Eye Hospital Reviewed / Revised May 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Key Points Topic Resources Eyelid Contusion (Black Eye) Anterior Chamber Hemorrhage... Assessing Visual Acuity How To Do Lateral Canthotomy Consequences of blunt trauma to the eye range from eyelid to orbital injury.
After 12 wks used EnPlus, in average the subjects increased 2.3 kg in weight, 4.3% in body fat which was more in female than in male; gained 0.85 units more in BMI.
Diagnosis of Antiphospholipid Antibody Syndrome Laboratory testing, beginning with partial thromboplastin time (PTT) PTT testing is done in patients who are expected to undergo an invasive procedure or in those with unexplained bleeding or clotting.
Methods: 72 patients are expected appendicitis, made a diagnosis by 2D ultrasound.
The best method is direct pressure on and, when possible, elevation of the affected part.
In generalized systemic sclerosis with diffuse skin involvement, patients have Raynaud syndrome and gastrointestinal (GI) complications.
Important accompanying symptoms include other otologic symptoms (eg, tinnitus, ear discharge), vestibular symptoms (eg, disorientation in the dark, vertigo), and other neurologic symptoms (eg, headache, weakness or asymmetry of the face, abnormal sense of taste).
Objectives: Study the relation of the cardiovascular disease risk factors hypertension, anemia, serum CRP, dyslipidemia, blood calcium-phospho disorders, hypoalbuminemia, hyperglycemia with the time of hemodialysis, residual urine, clearance of creatinin, index of Sokolov-Lyon on the ECG and index of EF on the echocardiography.
Phase 2: DAS28-CRP and the disease activity classification significantly reduced after 3 months (p<0.001) in the intervention group.
Tricuspid regurgitation is common.
The aims of this study were to determine the percentage of osteoporosis and osteopenia and to find an association between level of serum creatinine, level of beta-crosslaps and bone mineral density.
Conclusion: The main complication of SBO is intestinal ischemia, computed tomography imaging is the modality of choice in this pathology because of its ability to assess the bowel wall, the supporting mesentery and peritoneal cavity all in one, signs of intestinal ischemia can be seen on computed tomography: abnormal enhancement of the intestinal wall, thickening of the intestinal wall that may increase density, signs of halo ring or target, localized fluid collection or bleeding in the mesentery, gas in the intestinal wall, portal vein in the late cases.
Metabolic Acidosis By James L Lewis III, MD, Brookwood Baptist Health and Saint Vincent's Ascension Health, Birmingham Reviewed / Revised Jul 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Etiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Anion Gap Arterial Blood Gas Interpretation... Winter's Formula for Expected.. Urine anion gap Causes of Metabolic Acidosis Overview of Metabolic Acidosis Metabolic acidosis is primary reduction in bicarbonate (HCO 3 −), typically with compensatory reduction in carbon dioxide partial pressure (P co 2); pH may be markedly low or slightly subnormal.
Treatment of severe reactions is like that for insect stings.
The correction effect of Tran Quang Hien reached 57.8%, of Nguyen Hoang Long reached 72.5%.
However, the evidence for these examiners is low, given that most of the studies have been done in vitro.
For parents of one child with an autism spectrum disorder, risk of having a subsequent child with an autism spectrum disorder is around 3 to 10%.
Current situation of congenital muscular torticollis in 0 - 12 month children through early screening to detect disability in Thai Binh province
Image provided by Thomas Habif, MD. Junctional Nevi Junctional nevi are well-demarcated evenly pigmented brown macules and patches.
Some demographic and disease characteristics have been proved to impact to the total treatment cost.
With the increase in laparoscopic skills, we performed laparoscopic resection of choledochal cyst. Materials and methods: In July and august 2009, we performed laparoscopic resection of type I choledochal cyst for 3 adult patients.
Regular drinking was defined as drinking ≥5 days a week. Frequent drinking was defined as drinking 1 - 4 days a week.
Clinical research and magnetic resonance imaging (mri) in sciatica syndrome
Anastomotic leakage with infection, respiration failure and debility are the severe complications that conduct patients to death.
The percent of disease-free survival at 3 years, 5 years was 87.2%; 82.5%, respectively.
* Level of patients' satisfaction: It was recorded that up to 94.6% of patients were very satisfied with the treatment result, only 02 patients (8.3%) were satisfied with the new treatment method and none of the treated patients were unsatisfied.
For example, the decrease in estrogen that occurs at menopause can cause genitourinary syndrome of menopause, which can cause dyspareunia and thus lessen sexual interest.
Nausea and Vomiting Many seriously ill patients experience nausea, frequently without vomiting.
Copyright 1992, American Medical Association.)
Strictures are treated with bougienage or, if they are severe or unresponsive, with esophageal bypass by colonic interposition.
Methods: retrospectve study on 2528 patients in Cho Ray & Nhân Dan Gia Dinh hospitals from July/2001 to June/2004.
The second one is the Knoevenagel condensation reaction between the first steps product and aromatic aldehydes to produce the desired products.
This study presents the system of views of the Communist Party of Vietnam and the Government of Vietnam on the development of healthcare and public health in the documents from the 9th National Party Congress to the 13th National Party Congress and other state management documents.
Hypospadias type: perineal hypospadias in 16 patients, scrotal hypospadias in 26 patients.
Antibiotic resistance and molecular characteristics of Acinetobaeter baumannii causing nosocomial pneumonia at Bach Mai hospital, 2008-2009
There were no cranial nerve neuropathies.
Specifically, the impact on student satisfaction is the Faculty component (Beta = 0, 136); the second is Student Awarenes (Beta = 0, 226); The third is component composition Time and subgroup of simulated practice (Beta = 0, 095) and the final component is facilities (beta = 0, 419).
The role of anaerobes (particularly Bacteroides fragilis) in late-onset sepsis remains unclear, although deaths have been attributed to Bacteroides bacteremia.
Keywords: adenocarcinoma, lung cancer, pleural metastasis, EGFR mutation
This chemical is responsible for making you feel like you are walking on air and prevents you from sleeping while you think about your partner (which are the common symptoms of being in love).
Most of the patients were followed up with enough value at 6 hours after surgery, the first day, the 2nd postoperative day and discharge day.
However, about one fourth of patients with community-associated C difficile infection do not have a history of recent antibiotic use.
It occurs most often in the dorsal subpleural regions of the lower lobe in patients with a history of asbestos exposure and in patients with tuberculosis [42].
Study on flap necrosis complication and affecting factors in women underwent breast reconstruction with TRAM flap
Fallopia multiflora Thunb.
Plan to train and attract human resources to work at the hospital, reducing pressure on medical staff.
Physical health can be put at risk during and after traumatic experiences.
Out of the 100 patients, 33 had tuberculous pleural effusion and 67 had malignant pleuritis, diagnosed using gold standards. Results: The pleural fluid levels (mean±SE) of ADA in pleural tuberculosis was 58.16 ± 25.8 U / l, compared to 12.83 ± 8.45 U / l in those of malignant pleural effusion.
Cross section, randomized study was performed, which included 3 groups to compare.
However, in some cases, such as with use of antiseizure medications, the exact cause of increased risk in any given case is difficult to determine because the disease being treated (ie, epilepsy) is itself associated with a 5-fold increased risk of suicide in the absence of antiepileptic medications.
Hospitalization time 8.6 ± 5.13 days, mortality rate 6.5%.
This technique could be performed as routine test in gastric cancer in order to select patients that benefit from trastuzumab in combination with chemotherapy.
The most common complications of CRRT in neonates were hypokalemia and filter clotting representing 85.7% and 80.9% respectively.
Infants grow about 25 cm during the first year, and height at 5 years is about double the birth length.
Objectives: To describe the clinical features, subclinical characteristíc and asscess the result of adenoidectomy by microdebrider.
Method: A cross-sectional study was carried out in pupils aged from six to eleven years in March 2017 and April 2018.
The rate of heart failure during hospital is lower in aspiration group (3% so với 43%, p = 0.01) and the TIMI3 flow in aspiration group have the trend toward significant difference.
A Meckel scan has high sensitivity for detection of Meckel diverticulum in bleeding children.
Both the duration and intensity of the anxiety vary greatly among children.
The rate of serious complication is 0%. Conclusion: CVI and Varicose Vein is a common problem, especially in women.
The authors reported experience of complete scrotal - penile skin loss treatment. Materials and methods: A retrospective descriptive study of the patients underwent surgical treatment at Binh Dan hospital, from 2001 to July 2009, performed by the authors, for scrotal - penile coverage after complete skin loss due to accidents. Results: Six patients, mean age was 31.5 ± 3.2 (25 - 41).
Treatment is required only for uncontrollable bleeding or intussusception.
Post - operated complications included heart failure, pulmonary hypertension, sepsis and pneumonia.
By inhibiting prostaglandin production via blockage of the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX), NSAIDs reduce gastric blood flow, reduce mucus and HCO3 secretion, and decrease cell repair and replication.
One song twists on two sides, on the left 7 shifts.
Vaginoplasty in a case of pseudohermaphrodite arised on female
Disability among leprosy patients in Ha Nam province
Dementia develops in about one third of patients, usually late in Parkinson disease.
Kidney transplantation: postoperative following up in chợ rẫy hospital
The patients escaped from ARDS on the fifth - sixth of treatment therapy.
Male patients, without diabetes, monotherapy, good adherence have rate of goal control of blood pressure were higher.
The thickness of the flaps is the deciding factor for the contour and the form of the flap.
Deformity may not be obvious.
Keywords: Systemic inflammation, high sensitive C-reactive protein, interleukine, cytokine, chronic heart failure Abbreviations: Hs CRP: high sensitive C-reactive protein, NYHA: New York Heart Association, TNF-α: tumor necrosis factor α, IL: interleukine.
The correlation between chronic hyponatremia and MELD and Child-Pugh scores, the mortality prevalence within 90 days in patients with severe hyponatremia (<130 mmol / l) was higher than in patients without hyponatremia (p <0.01).
In group of Regivell, onset time of sensory block was longer T6 (5 minutes and 4 minutes, p <0.001), shorter time anesthesia (98 minutes and 122 minutes, p <0.01), quality of anesthesia in surgery (VAS) inferior (40% and 80%, p <0.01), the highest level of motor block after spinal anesthesia 10 minutes less (54%% and 84.6%%, p <0.001), time of motor block was shorter (90 minutes and 120 minutes, p <0.05), the rate and severe of hypotension was higher in Regivell group (80% and 40.0%, p <0, 01), the other sides effects such as nausea, vomiting, itching, chills higher in group Regivell.
Ứng dụng kháng sinh đồ và tính đa hình của gen cyp2c19 trong tiệt trừ helicobacter pylori ở bệnh nhân đã từng thất bại điều trị
To describe the pattern of acute respiratory infections (ARIs) in inpatient children at the Thanh Hoa Children's Hospital in the period of 2019 - 2021.
Risk factors for cutaneous abscesses include the following: Bacterial overgrowth Antecedent trauma (particularly when a foreign body is present) Immunosuppression Impaired circulation Bacteria causing cutaneous abscesses are typically indigenous to the skin of the involved area.
There were 19/308 cases of high fever over 39 degrees. Currently, the relationship between nose 1 and nose 2 has not been recorded; Among the Covid 19 vaccines, drinking habits with the frequency of events P> 0.05, the results showed that the Verocell vaccine had a lower frequency of events than AstraZeneca P < 0.05.
Conclusion: Using myocutaneous gluteus maximus flaps to cover sacral pressure sores achieved good results. It help us having an extra option in the surgical treatment of sacral pressure sores.
Pearls & Pitfalls Ingestion of < 5 mL of oil of wintergreen (methyl salicylate, a component of some liniments and solutions used in hot vaporizers) can kill a young child.
Method: The cross sectional study of 50 patients was undergone percutaneous coronary intervention from 8/2019 to 12/2019.
Perforator vascular flap from anterior tibial artery, posterior tibial artery, and fibula Author Zheng H P (2019) describes the theory and techniques and illustrates the clinical application of the free perforator flap in the lower leg.
The difference in blood pressure at the three moments above has their meaningful statistic with p<0.05.
All cases diagnosed with SBP must be ordered blood culture.
Table As impaired consciousness deepens into coma, noxious stimuli may trigger stereotypic reflex posturing.
On the basis of this study results, the authors concluded that bone health, as assessed both at lumbar spine and at phalanges of the hand, is not impaired in untreated children and adolescents with long lasting SH [24].
At 3 months, the number of patients with BCR / ABL ≤ 10% accounted for a high rate of 76.2% (48/63 patients), the number of patients with BCR / ABL > 10% accounted for 23.8% (15/63).
Disadvantages: less aromatic, less tasty than the normal rice used.
Treatment may include various topical and oral drugs.
Study the efficacy of hemoclip in endoscopic hemostasis combined with high-dose infusion of proton-pump inhibitor in patients with peptic ulcer bleeding.
However, 01 patient recorded postoperative instability at intervention site L4 - L5.
All are to be attended to, determine the degree of impaction, wisdom tooth surgery.
We also found out two groups of anthropometric and ratio to quickly predict the prettier face.
Thanks to that, doctors can counsel, diagnose and plan a treament more effectively for the breast diseases.
Study on the effect of antioxidant of VB09 prepatations in the treatment poisoning bums
Chronic asthmatic bronchitis is a similar, overlapping condition characterized by chronic productive cough, wheezing, and partially reversible airflow obstruction; it occurs predominantly in smokers with a history of asthma.
These peptides enhance renal excretion of sodium, but in patients with HF, the effect is blunted by decreased renal perfusion pressure, receptor downregulation, and perhaps enhanced enzymatic degradation.
The management of the disease remains a challenge due to lacking of diagnostic tests.
Ventilatory Assistance in Acute COPD Exacerbation Noninvasive positive-pressure ventilation (eg, pressure support or positive airway pressure ventilation by face mask) is an alternative to full mechanical ventilation.
IPEX syndrome manifests as severe enlargement of the secondary lymphoid organs, type 1 diabetes mellitus, eczema, food allergies, and infections.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy also includes other elements such as perceptual retraining and habit reversal training for skin picking (excoriation) or hair pulling or plucking if present.
Introduction: Hematopoietic stem cell were collected from bone marrow (BMSC), G-CSF mobilizied peripheral blood (PBSC) and cord blood (CBSC).
Until now, most of the natural active ingredients used in human therapies have come from terrestrial organisms, while marine organisms only serve as an important food source for living-beings on Earth.
Percutaneous aspiration puncture in the treatment of lumbar disk herniation: report on the first 15 cases in viet nam
Objective: To compare the imaging feature of ruptured intracranial aneurysms on CTA and DSA.
Therefore, metformin is withheld in all but the most stable hospitalized patients.
At Cho Ray hospital, from January 2014 to June2015 we received 227 patients with fracture pelvis combinative vascular damage.
In high-risk patients, in-hospital mortality of the subgroups with plasma hs-CRP concentration ≥ 11.5 mg / l and < 11.5 mg / l was 27.4% and 2, 9% (OR 12.9; p < 0.0001).
The outcome of laser therapy for polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy
It is a selective factor Xa inhibitor.
But at 3 months, periodontal index increase when compared with 1 month.
Conclusion: There are many different markers to predict airway inflammation.
This gel is the cement matrix, in which incorporates CaCO3 as "fillers".
This study aims to identify patients with HTA the right knowledge and attitudeto the disease, preventive measures for complications Objectives: Determine the rate of HTA in Ward 8, District 10, Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC) has the right attitude and knowledge of HTA patients Methods: Cross-sectional descriptive study.
Intrahepatic were the most common causes (77.9%) with 53 cases cirrhosis.
The average operating time was 45.5 minutes.
Conclusions: Vietnamese searching drug information software for pregnant women contributes to drug safety and efficacy using in hospitals in Vietnam.
Results: the overall complication rates after operation (when catheter out) were 15, 5% and after 5 years follow-up were 20% (fistula rates were 14% and 11, 1%).
Before radiation therapy, tumors were mainly in stage II, III, respectively, 23.7% and 76.3%, after treatment, there was a significant reduction in stage I, II with the rate of 50% and 21.1%, respectively.
Retroperitoneal inflammatory liposarcoma: a case report
This difference is statistically significant (p = 0.03<0.05).
IFN - γ concentrations in children with severe asthma had a lower than that of moderate asthma (36.56 pg / ml versus 54.55 pg / ml, p = 0.065).
The study about relationship between several morphological characteristics with the expression of serum CA 125 concentration of epithelial ovarian cancer were surgicaled removal at the National hospital of Obstetrics and Gynecology from 2008-2011
It is essential to obtain general information regarding hazard identification in the risk assessment process.
Keywords: frailty, elderly, ST-elevation myocardial infarction, in-hospital mortality
Treatment is with high-flow 100% oxygen, best given via a nonrebreather mask, which decreases the half-life of carboxyhemoglobin in room air from 4 to 6 hours to 30 to 150 minutes.
Stress testing has several absolute and relative contraindications Absolute contraindications to exercise stress testing are Acute coronary syndrome (myocardial infarction within 48 hours or uncontrolled unstable angina) Aortic dissection if acute Aortic stenosis if symptomatic or severe Arrhythmias if symptomatic or hemodynamically significant Heart failure if decompensated Myocarditis if acute Pericarditis if acute Pulmonary embolism if acute Pulmonary infarction if acute Relative contraindications to exercise stress testing include Atrioventricular block if high-degree Bradyarrhythmias Electrolyte imbalance Hypertension (systolic blood pressure [BP] > 200 mm Hg or diastolic BP > 110 mm Hg) Hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy Inability to exercise adequately due to mental or physical impairment Stenosis of heart valve if moderate or severe Stenosis of left main coronary artery Systemic illness Tachyarrhythmias Stress Test Methodology Cardiac demand can be increased by Exercise Drugs (pharmacologic stress) Patients must fast for 4 to 6 hours before the test.
To prevent recurrent cystine calculi, urinary cystine levels must be reduced to < 250 mg cystine / L of urine.
The proportion of diseases in which the elderly have the highest need for home health care is old age exhaustion, accounting for 65.1%.
In particular, HbA1C, HDL-C and systolic blood pressure were independent risk factors for increasing plasma hs-CRP levels (p <0, 05 to p <0, 001).
Occasional transmission by direct contact (fecal-oral route) may occur in children during play and in adults during sexual practices.
Nutritional status and feeding regime among patients with maxillofacial surgery at Hanoi national hospital of odonto-stomatology 2021-2022
Algorithms have been developed to help guide evaluation of infants in this age group (for one example, see Figure: Evaluation and management of the febrile infant aged < 3 months).
Methods: Case series report.
Common morphology: erythrocytes, target-shaped and hypochromic, neutrophils with hypersegmentation, specific granulomatosis, giant platelets.
This study aims to assess effectiveness and tolerance with neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with locally advanced gastric cancer in the period of 2018 - 2020.
Diagnosis of nontuberculous mycobacterial infections is typically made via acid-fast stain and culture of samples.
PNC plus antiβ-Lactamase, second to fourth generation Cephalosporin, Quinolones, Aminoglycosides all were resisted from 50% to 60%.
A main feature of the aging process is a chronic progressive increase in the proinﬂammatory status, knows as inflammaging.
The Nhi Dong 2 is one of the hospitals that having most children in Ho Chi Minh City.
The relationship between mutant p53 gene with prognosis and postoperative outcomes of colorectal cancer treatment
The carbapenem use was described and compared to current treatment guidelines.
Subject and method: 102 patients with acute mild to moderate ischemic stroke (first 72 hours) hopitalized for inpatient treatment at Phu Tho General Hospital from September 2015 to October 2018.
There were no statistically significant differences between the portosystemic pressure gradient in the two groups with portal vein diameter ≥ 14 mm and <14 mm.
Objective: To examine overall and domain-specific quality of life in stroke survivors after 3 months and to identify variables that predict quality of life after stroke.
Background: Bleeding complications during ECMO have a great impact on patient outcomes.
Images of Angioedema Hereditary Angioedema This photo shows acute swelling of the lips in a patient with hereditary angioedema.
Results: - -Value of BEecf of fatal group 1 (- 5.69 mmol / L) decreased more greatly than that of alive group 1 (- 2.86 mmol / L) because of severe pulmonary oxygen transfer defect.
Keywords: Nucleotide variation, ITS1 region, Fasciola, Vietnam.
Analyze results of first trimester maternal serum screening in Bien Hoa, Thanh Khe - Da Nang and Ha Noi.
Carpal tunnel sydrome in patients on hemodyalysis in cho ray hospital
Keywords: Epidural analgesia; patient-controlled analgesia; ropivacaine; bupivacaine; hip and knee replacement; postoperative pain.
Criteria for assessment of coronary artery injury - Classification of coronary artery lesions according to the American Heart Association ACC / AHA: divided into types A, B1, B2, C - Assess severity of coronary artery injury by Gensini index: Damage severity = (Number of lesions x corresponding coefficient) 2.2.4.6.
The proportion of Gram-negative bacteria (66%) was higher than Grampositive bacteria (34%).
Ten patient (50%) had right side stones and 10 (50%) had left side stones.
Diagnosis is difficult, with culture of a potential pathogen from pleural fluid or blood being the most specific finding.
Using thulium laser for treatment of anterior urethral stricture: our preliminary results
On histo-pathology, the rate of gastric atrophy in antrum was 81.9%, in both antrum and body: 16.7%.
Menarche generally occurs about 2 years after onset of breast development and when growth in height slows after reaching its peak.
Some patients with narcissistic personality disorder find manualized cognitive-behavioral approaches too simplistic or generic for their special needs.
Knowledge and practice in hand hygiene among year-3 and year-4 regular nursing students at university of medicine pham ngoc thạch
This raises a concern about the rate of misdiagnosed borderline tumors, which could lead to unfavorable future prognosis for the patients.
It is usually caused by deficient erythropoietin production due to a reduction of functional renal mass (see page Anemias Caused by Deficient Erythropoiesis).
Mean hospital stay was 12 days ± 5 (range from 4 to 34 days).
All of them addmited with dyspnea, a loud S2 and a nonspecific systolic murmur.
Moc miet tu was extracted by the Soxhlet method with 70% ethanol in the following conditions: herbal / solvent 1/10 (w / v), extraction time in 16 hours.
Adherence to treatment in outpatients with type 2 diabetes in Quang Ninh provincial general hospital 2016
Unnecessary biopsy rate is 60.4%.
Others, such as the flu vaccine, require a new shot every year.
Keywords: Glioblastoma, MGMT methylation.
Objective: LaparoEndoscopic Single-Site Surgery (LESS) is an emerging endoscopic techmique in the world.
The reconstructed breast volume was 408.97 ± 111.27 cc.
Conclusions: MDW value was significantly higher in the sepsis group than that in the control group.
Although, this indication is suitable for practicians who have good reconstructive skill and initiative in combining varieties of flabs, free grafts, and (external & internal) canthoplasty. The most important thing is that there is no necrosis due toischemia.It
Objectives: (1) To define clinical and paraclinical manifestation of patients with Strongyloides stercoralis infection.
The rate of injured victims with first aids in the two communes representing the Delta and urban region was higher than that in the two communes representing the midland and mountainous area.
Conclusion: The prevalence of HPV in women who attended gynecological examination at K hospital was moderate. Determining the prevalence and genotype of HPV has a role in cervical cancer risk determination to guide prevention measures and vaccine research.
The proportion of successful pre-hospital emergency care was 94.5%, unsuccessful cases accounted for 5.5%.
The organism's characteristic appearance, seen during microscopic examination of tissues or sputum, is also frequently diagnostic.
The nirmatrelvir / ritonavir combination may cause liver damage, so caution should be exercised in patients with preexisting liver disease, liver enzyme abnormalities, or hepatitis.
The resultant QRS complex is thus narrow (unless bundle branch block coexists) and without a delta wave.
In this test, the patient's lymphocytes are exposed to potential antigens.
Among 55 patients successfully sequenced, 21 (38.2%) cases were found to carry at least one clinically relevant genetic alteration.
From 10/2018 to 09/2019, 26 patients with HCCs were enrolled.
Clinical features of scoliosis patient group related to surgery.
Adjust the position of the mask as needed to maintain a good seal against the face.
The group of the patients with increasing serum PTH will be increased the urinary infection, renal failure, hypercalcemia and hypophosphoremia
The disorder is chronic and can wax and wane over years.
Evaluating the result of tonsillectomy for treating the tonsil hypertrophy causing snoring in adults at Can Tho university of medicine and pharmacy hospital
There are 49 cases mutations in 76 cases of genotypes B (64.5%) and 29 cases in 46 cases of genotypes C (63.0%).
Bone marrow depression and hepatic toxicity are monitored with complete blood count, aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and albumin.
The tumor tissue is soft, friable, fleshy and red-brown with yellowish areas.
Keywords: HIV, adolescent, stigma, discrimination.
Evaluate the effectiveness of autogenous fat injection in treatment of glottic insufficiency due to vocal cord atrophy and sulcus
Infants who subsequently have a positive HIV virologic test are given ART with three medications as appropriate for treatment of known HIV infection.
Prevalence of early initiation of breastfeeding and exclusive breastfeeding under 6 months was 33.2% and 23%, respectively.
Materials and method: In this in vitro study, forty L-shaped root canals in resin blocks curvatures 400 were divided randomly into two equal groups. The root canals of one group were prepared using Protaper Next files, and the other using WaveOne Gold files.
Result: In 2018, the positive culture rate was 25.3%, and it's 21.3% in 2019. The isolated common urlogenical bacteria strains were Staphylococcus aureus, E coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp.
Adverse effects of nilotinib: Thrombocytopenia was the most common hematologic adverse effects.
Evaluation of immune response by ELISA method showed that, anti-PRRSV antibodies were detected in the serum of all inoculated pigs in vaccine batches with the lowest S / P index of 1.50 ± 0.4 from 14 days post inoculation and the highest S / P was 2.36 ± 0.1 from 28 days post inoculation.
Treatment of LTBI Treatment of latent tuberculosis infection is indicated principally for People whose TST converted from negative to positive within the previous 2 years People with x-ray changes consistent with old TB but no evidence of active TB Other indications for preventive treatment include People who, if infected, are at high risk of developing active TB (eg, people with HIV infection, people with drug-induced immunosuppression) Any child < 5 years old who is a close contact of a person with smear-positive TB, regardless of whether there was TST conversion Other people with an incidentally positive TST or IGRA result but without these risk factors are often treated for LTBI, but physicians should balance individual risks of drug toxicity against the benefits of treatment.
If it is prescribed, full explanation of conflicting efficacy data and lack of long-term safety data is essential, as is close monitoring for adverse effects such as acne, hirsutism, and virilization.
Purpose: To assess effectiveness of leukapheresis in term of reduction of WBC and some biochemistry indicators in hyperleukocytic AML.
For bone scanning, common indications include the following: Bone pain Elevated serum alkaline phosphatase Stage III or IV cancer Abdominal CT is done if patients have any of the following: Abnormal liver test results Abnormal abdominal or pelvic examination Stage III or IV cancer Chest CT is done if patients have either of the following: Pulmonary symptoms such as shortness of breath Stage III or IV cancer MRI is often used by surgeons for preoperative planning; it can accurately determine tumor size, chest wall involvement, and number of tumors.
If cannulation is difficult, a small towel rolled under the patient's ipsilateral shoulder or caudal traction (5 cm) on the arm may be tried.
Vitamin A and zinc deficiency was also improved, most profoundly in group 1, and gradually less so in group 2 and 3.
Differentiate iron deficiency anemia from other microcytic anemias (eg, anemia of chronic disease, hemoglobinopathies).
Germ cell tumors of the ovary are rarely seen.
Study the relationship between alkaline phosphatase with calcium, phosphorus, parathyroid hormone and bone mineral density in patients with chronic renal failure
These benign tumors do not have enough neoplastic neovascularity to have a fast wash out.
Group of meat and seafood with beef and shrimp accounts for 18.6%; egg white 15.1%.
The most common causes of secondary hypertension in children are Renal parenchymal disease (eg, glomerulonephritis, pyelonephritis, reflux nephropathy) or renal structural abnormalities (eg, obstructive uropathy, polycystic kidney disease, dysplastic kidneys) Renovascular disease (eg, renal artery stenosis, renal vein thrombosis) Cardiovascular disease (eg, coarctation of the aorta, arteriovenous fistula) Endocrine disease (eg, hyperthyroidism, mineralocorticoid excess, corticosteroid excess, catecholamine excess) Other causes of secondary hypertension include Sleep-disordered breathing Neurologic causes (eg, increased intracranial pressure) Drugs (eg, glucocorticoids, anabolic steroids, stimulants, oral contraceptives, nicotine, caffeine, certain illicit drugs) Psychologic stress or pain Miscellaneous causes (eg, neuroblastoma, tuberous sclerosis complex, Wilms tumor) Orthopedic-related hypertension is related to traction or casting of a lower extremity, usually after a femur fracture.
Our results showed that optimum temperature for growth, fruiting body and cordycepin production of C militaris was 25oC.
These patients mainly had a good, moderate or bad quality of life.
Most swallowed air is eructated.
These proteins may accumulate locally, causing relatively few symptoms, or widely, involving multiple organs and causing severe multiorgan failure.
Some patients with injuries such as consolidation (56.6%), interstitial injuries (100%) and combined injuries (51.1%) have had acute respiratory failure in the first 12 hours of fluid resuscitation.
Pseudoascites, obstructed or mature bowel, fetal abdominal cysts, and an obstructed urinary system can mimic ascites.
Fever may rise to 40 ° C and persist 1 to > 3 weeks.
Conclusion: This research demonstrates that all of 22 analytes get sigma values greater than 3, the majority of them (17 analytes, making up 77.3%) have at least sigma values of 6.
Extended Kasai portoenterostomy for biliary atresia
Higher blood pressure and waist hip ratio were associated with a greater risk of pre-diabetes.
Research prediction of stroke outcome in relation to alberta stroke program early ct score (aspects) in acute infarction
Interviewees approved and supported the smoking ban decree and wanted to enforce the public smoking ban decree.
All children with renal biopsy indication were enrolled in this study.
Situation of blood fungal infection at Bach Mai Hospital from January 2016 to October 2016
Objective: The goal of this study was to investigate the feasibility, safety, and associated survival outcomes of laparoscopy-assisted distal gastrectomy (LADG) with lymph nodes dissection for gastric cancer.
Improper use of Turbuhaler increased the risk of poor asthma symptom control according to GINA (adjusted OR=3.30; 95% CI 1.50 - 7.30; p=0.003) and the ACT scale (adjusted OR =1.43; 95% CI 1.11 - 1.84; p=0.006).
Uncorrected visual acuity (UCVA), and corneal topography were recorded preoperatively and 1week, 1, 3, 6 months postoperatively.
Discussion with parents should take into account current local and national outcomes data based on expected gestational age and birthweight (if known), fetal sex, singleton / multifetal gestation status, and antenatal treatment with corticosteroids.
Subjects were interviewed according to a uniform medical record.
To evaluate the results of totally laparoscopic total gastrectomy (TLTG) and laparoscopic-assisted total gastrectomy (LATG) with D2 lymph node dissection to treat gastric cancer in the Nghean General Friendship Hospital.
Plasma clotting disorder patient groups showed mainly reduced clotting.
Conclusion: There was an increase in CRP level, CRP / Albumin ratio, decreasd in serum albumin concentration in patients with psoriasis vulgaris and the change is related to degree of disease.
Test results determine the next steps: Positive results on both tests: These results suggest new infection.
Through research, it is necessary to strengthen health communication and education on prevention of hepatitis B virus infection for people.
Efficacy of spinal ropivacaine with fentanyl in transurethral resection of the prostate
While stem cell therapy has proved effective in treating heart disease, it is not the case in diabetic hearts.
Some clinicians feel it is beneficial to change CVC catheters at regular intervals (eg, every 5 to 7 days) in patients with sepsis who remain febrile; this approach may reduce the risk of bacterial colonization of the catheter.
Noninfective endocarditis sometimes leads to infective endocarditis.
Usually the noise comes from blood vessels, either normal vessels in conditions of increased or turbulent flow (eg, caused by atherosclerosis) or abnormal vessels (eg, in tumors or vascular malformations).
Methods: A cross-sectional survey of 2000 people aged 50 and over was conducted in Binh Duong from June to July 2015.
One of the more commonly used tests is a commercial computer-based tool called ImPACT.
Conlusions: The average treatment cost for inpatient treated at the HCMC Hospital of Rehabilitation and Professional diseases in the period 2012 - 2016 is an average of VND 8.215 ± 20.867 million / treatment, of which the health insurance agency pays an average of 1, 274 ± 2, 777 million VND / treatment, the cost of patient self-pay is 5, 094 ± 19, 881 VND / treatment Keywords: Distribution of disease type, Mortality, Average medical treatment costs.
Some drugs distribute mostly into fat, others remain in extracellular fluid, and others are bound extensively to specific tissues.
Breast histology The mammary gland is located in the fatty, connective tissue above the pectoral muscle, extending from rib II to rib VI.
Venlafaxine 's effects and mechanism of action are similar to those of duloxetine.
In case of severe AR the appropriate surgical technic is prosthetic valve replacement.
In patients with low blood pressure prior to PSA, consider a hemodynamically neutral or supportive alternative (ie, etomidate or ketamine).
Risk factors for bacterial vaginosis are the same as those for sexually transmitted infections, including multiple sex partners, sharing of sex toys, and inconsistent or incorrect use of condoms or dental dams.
Excision is needed if the tumor is compressing a large nerve or vessel; causes pain (especially when impinging on muscle and creating an inflammatory bursa); disturbs growth; or on imaging study has a destructive appearance, soft tissue mass, or thickened cartilaginous cap (> 2 cm) suggesting transformation into malignant chondrosarcoma.
These disorders are distressing and often impair social, occupational, academic, or other aspects of functioning.
Hemolytic anemia and anuria can result and may be fatal.
Background: A big problem concerned many people "living together with flood" is the safety and care of children.
Selection criteria - HCC in intermediate and advanced stage - Child - Pugh A or B.
According to research by Tran Thuy Hanh, the number of patients under control is only 15% [19].
In general, CT is useful for delineating abnormalities localized to the abdomen, pelvis, or chest.
Patients were then followed up for the development of AKI, ventilator days, ICU length of stay and hospital mortality.
Physical Examination A full general examination, including blood pressure (BP), height, and weight, is done first.
Results: The mean age of the study patients was 32.5±5.03 years old.
If acute viral hepatitis is suspected, the following tests are done to screen for hepatitis viruses A, B, and C: IgM antibody to hepatitis A virus (IgM anti-HAV) Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) IgM antibody to hepatitis B core (IgM anti-HBc) Antibody to HCV (anti-HCV) and HCV RNA If the anti-HCV test is positive, HCV RNA is measured to distinguish active from past hepatitis C infection (see table Hepatitis C Serology).
+ Supraventricular tachycardia: when there are > 3 consecutive ventricular beats.
Pharmacists’ Role in Medication Consultation of Outpatients Type 2 Diabetes
Peripheral anticholinergic manifestations were also common (75.86%).
The results of orthodontic treatment on patients with permanent teeth in the foreground area
So far, there has been only one formulation of IRB and HCTZ combination produced locally with a competitive price than one of imported products.
A six-month post operation rehabilitation regime was performed.
Genes producing beta-lactamase were screened using in-house Multiplex PCR at Vietnamese-German Center for Medical Research, 108 MCH.
When comparing the clinical and laboratory characteristics, between the survival and non-survival groups, the difference was statistically significant in the characteristics: systolic blood pressure, SOFA, APACHE-II score, rate of immunodeficiency, rate of appropriate antibiotic use.
The percentage of patients with well-informed knowledge also increased dramatically, reaching remained at 81% at the time of one month latter versus 42% at the time of intervention.
The preoperative complications are: iron overloa d (60%), severe anemia (34.7%), hypertension (20%), infection (10%), splenic infraction (19%), coagulapathy (50%), autoimmune hemolytic anemia (13%);
In a randomized study called the Madison Memory Study, 218 community-dwelling adults aged 40 to 91 with self-reported memory concerns were treated with apoaequorin or a matched placebo for 90 days.
Most women suffer from many types of insomnia.
The largest and most heavily myelinated fibers conduct quickly; they convey motor, touch, and proprioceptive impulses.
Although there are several mechanisms, elevated serum calcium ultimately occurs as a result of bone resorption.
The company hasn't indicated when it will have results from this trial, but if it follows a similar timeline as Pfizer's, the EUA request for this age group could happen late in the year.
Multiple myeloma is often considered a marrow cell tumor within the bone rather than a primary malignant bone tumor because it is of hematopoietic derivation (see also Multiple Myeloma).
Weight loss may suggest cancer.
Methergine 0.2 mg orally every 6 to 8 hours can be continued for up to 7 days if needed.
Mild over-the-counter corticosteroids can be tried first, with use of middle - or high-potency prescription preparations as needed.
Treatment is IV saline solution and insulin.
The scheme guideline treatment for each type of soft tissue defects depends on location, size of lesions, the damage site and associated pathologies.
Objective: To survey on compliance with the application of 1-hour bundle in the treatment of septic shock at 108 Military Central Hospital.
Quality of life changes significantly statistical including: physical function decreased slightly (mean change 7.6 points) after 4 cycles of chemotherapy, cognitive function decreased slightly after the 8th cycle (8.1 points).
The technique for quantification of γH2AX foci was used for studying the DNA double-strand break (DSB) of the cells exposed to ionising radiation.
Age of onset distribution (n = 66) Note: The age of onset below 40 was higher than that above 40, with 54.5% compared to 45.5% Chart 3.5.
In vivo, initiation of the extrinsic pathway occurs when injury to blood vessels brings blood into contact with tissue factor on membranes of cells within and around the vessel walls.
The enlargement of posterior skull gets much more room for brain and better than the anterior approach.
Various laser ablation techniques are being used as alternatives to TURP.
Congo red staining is negative for amyloid.
In medically underserved countries, the most common cause of aortic stenosis in all age groups is Rheumatic fever Supravalvular AS caused by a discrete congenital membrane or hypoplastic constriction just above the sinuses of Valsalva is uncommon.
If the order of sexual changes is disturbed, growth may be abnormal, and the physician should consider pathologic reasons.
They can also be used to treat attacks and to prevent them.
This phenomenon took place at the same time of the increase of estradiol in blood.
Skin disease Onchocercal dermatitis is caused by the microfilarial stage of the parasite.
Attempts to neutralize a caustic acid by correcting pH with an alkaline substance [and vice versa] are contraindicated because severe exothermic reactions may result.
Methods: descriptive cross-sectional study, subjects who bought inhaled SABA at pharmacies in Vietnam were interviewed using structured questionnaire.
Conclusion: The study results showed that the rate of knowledge about postnatal care of pregnant women largely remain low and medium.
Length of hospitalization was 8.1±2.5 days average.
Method validation included: defining methyl mercury linearity up to 10 μg / kg, the method limit of detection and the method limit of quantitation for fish were 5 µg / kg and 15 µg / kg, respectively.
Objectives: Determine some indicators of labour psychophysiology and Ergonomics at workplaces in some garment companies in the Southern during the period 2007 - 2008.
Second operation: Recuurent tumor, remove the tumor with the terminal ileon 28/10/2011, Out of hospital 8/11/2011 (Prof Tan, Dr Quyen).
In group of patient without sequela and discharge, lactate concentration was decreased obviously at 48th hour after specific treatment.
The internal consistency was checked using Cronbach's alpha.
The lowest rate of resistance was amikacin 17.4%.
Keywords: HER2, Immunohistochemistry, gastric cancer.
Olfactory Reference Disorder (Jikoshu-kyofu) By Katharine Anne Phillips, MD, Weill Cornell Medical College; Dan J Stein, MD, PhD, University of Cape Town Reviewed / Revised Jun 2023 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Olfactory reference disorder is characterized by a distressing or impairing belief by a person that they emit a foul or offensive body odor; the odor is slight or imperceptible to others.
Efficacy of antibiotics prophylaxis in patients with lumbar disc herniation undergoing lumbar discetomy.
Objectives: To evaluate the expression of recombinant hIL-7 protein in the tobacco strain, creating a premise to study the recombinant hIL-7 protein from the plant system.
The skin may hang loosely on the extremities and is often dry and peeling.
Evaluation of the relationship between H. pyloriantibody concentration in blood with clinical signs, endoscopy findings and histology in children infected with H. pylori
Conclusions: RA for pediatric solid adrenal tumor is feasible and safe in selected cases. This approach can give good results not only for benign tumors but also for some malignant tumors, including low risk neuroblastomas.
The factors what effected those advantages and difficutlies Method: A descriptive cross-sectional and analyse study design was applied.
Conclusion: IPOM procedure was safe with low morbility and mortality.
Biopsy results included cancer, inflammation, and tuberculosis, with incidence rates were 57.9%, 35.1%, and 7%, respectively.
Worldwide: early 21st century, dental caries is still a dental health problem in most industrialized countries, affecting 60 - 90% of pupils and most adults.
Sulbactam (a beta-lactamase inhibitor) has intrinsic bactericidal activity against many MDR-AB strains.
Introduction: Pediatric lymphoma is a common malignancy in children, but subtypes of pediatric large B cell lymphomas based on morphology and cytogenetic origin are still underreported.
It also must be accompanied by ≥ 3 of the following for the last month to a degree that causes distress or disability: Disbelief Intense emotional pain Feeling of identity confusion Avoidance of reminders of the loss Feelings of numbness Intense loneliness Feelings of meaninglessness Difficulty engaging in ongoing life Some useful screening tools include the Inventory of Complicated Grief and the Brief Grief Questionnaire.
Gamma knife radiosurgery of vestibular schwannomas summary of experience in 5 years
On the occasion of case SGF in a boys 1-years old, hospitalized by bilateral cryptorchidism, discovered accidentally during the operation, We'd like to present the ultrasound characteristics of SGF and literature review.
Before therapy is stepped up, adherence, exposure to environmental factors (eg, trigger exposure), and presence of comorbid conditions (eg, obesity, allergic rhinitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, obstructive sleep apnea, vocal cord dysfunction, inhaled cocaine use) are reviewed.
Discard or set aside the newly contaminated application stick, gauze pad, or cotton balls.
The usage of drugs for cardiovascular diseases is highly required safety and effectiveness for patients.
Laparoscopic complete mesocolic excision for left colon cancer
Dry eye symptoms are one of the most common symptoms of TO.
26 eyes with poor levator function (≤ 5 mm) were evaluated.
Occasionally, patch testing can be helpful in patients with fixed drug eruptions.
Aspirin reduces short - and long-term mortality risk (1).
QRS voltage is usually low.
In atrial septal defect, shunting is left to right initially (see figure).
Measurement of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels begins the assessment of the GH / IGF-1 axis.
Method: The authors retrospectively reviewed the clinical data and treatment procedure of all patients with PA and / or FIA, who were treated at Children's Hospital 1 from 01/01/2012 to 03/30/2013.
The keys to weight reduction in childhood are healthy eating habits and increased physical activity.
MRI may show enhancement of the vestibular nerves, consistent with inflammatory neuritis.
Mortality is rare.
Base on NPI, the good prognostic group were 45, 9%, the moderate group were 42, 6%, and the poor group were 11, 5%.
Qualitative evaluation showed 89.6% good and average results and over 90% patients satisfied with treatment.
Urinary organic acids profile revealed mainly increased by 2M3HB, accounting for 95%.
We should apply SGA to evaluate the inpatients nutrition status.
Keywords: Acquired penile curvature (APC), Peyronie's disease.
In pregnant women, only a few antibiotics can be safely used.
In recent years, many endoscopic hemostasis techniques improved the prognosis of this emergency.
However, the existence of stunting, micronutrient deficiencies ans increasing of non-communcable chronic diseases (obesity, T2DM, etc) indicate that the comprehensive stretegy shoulde be established in the next period of National Strategy of Nutrition (2011 - 2015) to control and prevent these disorders for Ho Chi Minh City.
Constrictive pericarditis Diagnosis may be suspected based on clinical, ECG, chest x-ray, and Doppler echocardiography findings, but cardiac catheterization and CT (or MRI) are usually required.
Although Nguyen Van Sang used oral CP for patients, we used intravenous cyclophosphamide.
Meanwhile, domestic drugs only accounted for 47.60% in value with 16.387 billion VND.
The first dose is given in a health care setting; patients should be observed for 30 minutes after administration because anaphylaxis may occur.
Typically, a child < 2 years presents with a scaly seborrheic, eczematoid, sometimes purpuric rash involving the scalp, ear canals, abdomen, and intertriginous areas of the neck and face.
In this paper, we aim to predict outcomes of the HCV-b treatment and characterize the properties of HCV-b by using the combination of a feature selection and semi supervised learning.
Tension pneumothorax is a medical emergency and should be diagnosed clinically; time should not be wasted confirming the diagnosis with a chest x-ray.
Risk factors and prediction scores for AKI 3.3.1.
Patients usually present first with symptoms of heart blocks and / or arrhythmias, including palpitations, syncope, or cardiac arrest.
In general, identifying color is not considered an essential task in a life or death situation.
Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm (CT Scan) The white arrow shows an abdominal aortic aneurysm measuring 5 cm with heterogenous flow and mural plaque.
Calculate the suitability, sensitivity, specificity of CHT in the diagnosis of localization, the number of lesions compared with the diagnosis of surgeon.
Atherosclerosis and aging decrease the capacity for dilation of arterial blood vessels and smooth muscle relaxation, limiting the amount of blood that can enter the penis (see Overview of Male Sexual Function: Erection).
The clinical outcomes after arthroscopically assisted 2 - bundle coracoclavicular ligament reconstruction of acromioclavicular dislocations
Transvestic disorder is transvestism that causes significant distress or significant functional impairment.
Overview of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus VIDEO Symptoms and Signs of SLE Clinical findings vary greatly.
This study aims to develop the formulation of Moc miet tu capsules.
Methods: Description retrospective case series study at Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Ho Chi Minh City, from 11/2017 to 12/2019.
Transcystic CBD exploration had shorter operative time, higher rate of intraoperative stone clearance, shorter hospital stay, as compared to choledochotomy.
Patients with hypertension constituted 67.4%.
15 Factors affecting virus pathogenesis Co-morbidities are cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease as well as diabetes.
To evaluate of risk factors and outcomes of vascular reconstruction in right lobe graft living donor liver transplantation.
There are statistical significant difference between clinical signs with age group and mechanism of head injury.
Background: Cervical node metastasis is one of the most important prognostic factors of tongue cancer.
Diagnosis Interview with the woman and her partner, separately and together when possible.
Radiographic follow-up included static and flexion / extension radiographs obtained to assess fusion, focal and segmental kyphosis, and change in disc space height.
Warnings and Common Errors for Burn Escharotomy Because of edema and shock, skin temperature is a poor indicator of limb ischemia.
Hypertension management remains to be a major challenge for health care around the world.
The proportion of the group of children with low bone density was 12, 72%. The stunted children had decreased percentage of bone density of 15, 46% which was higher than that of normal children.
We noted 16 death cases due to sepsis in this research.
Results: Showed that during this period of time, head length and head width showed a continuous increase; head length was significantly larger in male than in female (p<0.05); head length showed more growth than head width.
If initial tests do not identify the cause of distal symmetric axonopathies, blood levels may be measured or a 24-hour urine collection may be done to check for heavy metals.
75.61% of hypoglycemia cases had duration of diabetes less than 1 year.
Patients should have genetic testing for RET proto-oncogene mutations, serum calcitonin measurement, blood or urine tests for pheochromocytoma, and imaging studies of the neck and adrenal glands.
Thus, to improve medication adherence, health education for patients and caregivers plays an important role.
Evaluation of drug use management and counseling at Co Lung health station – Phu Luong – Thai Nguyen
There were 6 patient's with duodenal blunt injuries (grade II: 2 patients, grade III: 4 patients) they were diagnosed and managed late.
The results of IUI cycles were collected as biochemical pregnancy test and clinical pregnancy test.
The pain severity was mainly moderate, severe and very severe (average NRS = 6.67).
Method: By the clinical prospective study, description, cross-sectional associated with comparison.
Treatment of extramammary Paget disease may also involve ablation of overlying cutaneous involvement by using topical therapies (eg, topical 5 - fluorouracil, imiquimod, photodynamic therapy), radiation therapy, surgery, or CO2 laser ablation.
Gender identity: Gender identity is the subjective sense of knowing to which gender one belongs.
In terms of positions, nurses are the highest rate with 74.2%.
In the analysis, variables present during hospitalization associated with poor outcome included: fever after subarachnoid hemorrhage, elevated blood pressure on admission, hyperglycemia on admission, poor WFNS grade, Fisher grade on computed tomography and rebleeding, vasospasm complication after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Materials and method: From Jan, 2010 to Jun, 2014 the pts who were traumatic subaxial cervical subluxation or dislocation underwent anterior decompression, reduction and fusion at Cho Ray hospital were included in the study.
Tornwaldt cyst is a remnant of the embryonal notochord superficial to the superior constrictor muscle of the pharynx and is covered by the mucous membrane of the nasopharynx.
Foreign bodies in the upper GI tract is a common clinic problem in VietNam.
This study assesses the understanding ofTra Vinh University's final year pharmacy students in 2022 about pharmacies which meet the Good pharmacy practices (GPP). The study also surveys the need for establishing pharmacies after graduation of 113 pharmacy students.
Treat using plasma exchange, a corticosteroid, and cyclophosphamide.
Patients with signs of hypovolemia require IV fluid resuscitation, starting with 20 mL / kg of normal saline solution.
Autopsy should be done quickly.
Background: The "Suboptimal health status" (SHS) is a term used to describe a group of conditions that affect many people around the globe but cannot be diagnosed with any diseases according to clinical standards.
The pituitary doubles in size during pregnancy, largely because of hyperplasia and hypertrophy of lactotrophs.
The clinical presentation may be dramatic or subtle.
Conclusion: In patients with moderate to severe asthma, SMART therapy was more effective while less costly than the comparator.
Restored teeth were subjected to the frature toughness test using the universal testing machine.
Results: A total of 294 renal biopsies was analyzed, females 54.76% were more than males, residence of patients from other provinces 80.27%, the mean age of patients at the time of biopsy was 10.41 ± 3.63.
All breastfed infants should be given supplemental vitamin D 10 mcg (400 units) once a day from birth to 6 months; at 6 months, a more diversified diet is available.
Methods: Prospective study of 17 upper BAA patients underwent surgery in Bach Mai hospital from 1.2020 to 8.20122.
Premature ejaculation Premature ejaculation is defined as ejaculation occurring sooner than desired by the man or his partner and causing distress to the couple.
Infection with high-risk HPV types (most notably types 16 and 18 but also types 31, 33, 35, and 39) is the main cause of cervical cancer.
Clinical and paraclinical features suggesting accompanying anaerobic infections: Putrid sputum or breath, diseases of mouth and teeth, past history of chronic pulmonary diseases.
The efficacy of sublingual and oral misoprostol after oral mifepristone for medical induced abortion in pregnancies less than 49 days
Musculoskeletal: To evaluate muscles, tendons, and nerves.
Renal biopsy is done only if the diagnosis remains unclear.
has been planted recently due to its medicinal high value.
About 18% of infants who have died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) had a history of prematurity, but apnea of prematurity is not a precursor to SIDS.
ABGs accurately assess the presence of hypoxemia, which is generally defined as a PaO2 low enough to reduce the SaO2 below 90% (ie, PaO2 60 mm Hg).
MTHFR C677T polymorphism gene was increased the risk of miscarriage symptoms in the first trimester (abdominal pain: OR=5.6, 95% CI: 1.1 - 28.6, p=0.038, vaginal bleeding: OR=3.6, 95% CI: 1.0 - 12.5, p=0.043).
There is also no evidence to recommend swaddling for prevention of SIDS.
There was no relationship between gender, education level and treatment goal achievement.
Vitamins A and E Studies have shown that newly diagnosed acne patients tend to have lower levels of vitamin A circulating in their bloodstream than those who are acne free.
There were no significant differences between the metformin and placebo groups in rates of pregnancy loss (P = .81), preterm birth (P = .16), birth injury (P = .37), respiratory distress (P = .49), and congenital anomalies (P = .16).
Methods: A case - control study with ratio 1: 2 was performed on 375 births at 28 - 32 weeks of gestation at Hung Vuong Hospital from September 2016 to April 2017.
Abdominal manifestations may result from effects on visceral nerves.
The degrees of agreement for diagnosis diabetic retinopathy with ophthalmoscopy of three techniques were 0.79, 0.76, 0.84, respectively.
Study on influences of Mecook product to the function and morphology of experimental rabbits' liver and kidney
Walking up hills is less painful than walking down because the back is slightly flexed.
Anaphylaxis shock is a serious statehappening when the body is exposed to antigens.
Because fungal contamination of open wounds is dangerous, corticosteroids are contraindicated until after wounds are closed surgically.
Sharp object injury in clinical practice is a common health problem among nursing students, which can lead to the transmission of viruses through the bloodstream.
Prospective group included patients treated in the period from 01/2014 to 06/2014 month.
However, the data do provide ample scope for future research.
Objective: To assess the status of human resources in the health center in order to have the solutions that are very necessary for the operation of the health center in the future.
Early in fatal disorders, health care practitioners must talk frankly with patients, family members, and caregivers to determine the level of intervention acceptable.
Results: Investigating 98 medical students of course Y2001, we notice that: there are 40.79% medical students who can not achieve the aim of level 2 or more in practising the clinical skills.
Transgender persons also frequently face social challenges such as poverty, homelessness and inadequate access to healthcare, which diminishes their ability to observe COVID-19 precautions and seek timely care.
Materials and methods: This prospective cross-sectional study recorded the pathological characteristics and test results of 189 HCC patients hospitalized for inpatient treatment at the Hanoi Medical University Hospital from January 2020 to April 2021.
If the child is expected to eventually return to the biologic parents, parenting skill training and psychologic counseling must be provided for them.
Unlike larvae of common houseflies, most agents of wound myiasis invade healthy as well as necrotic tissue.
Because MRSA can be resistant to multiple antibiotics, recommended antibiotics for bacterial skin and soft-tissue infections depend largely on local prevalence and resistance patterns of MRSA.
Results: When placing the skin paddle of osteocutaneous fibular flap inside the oral cavity for providing mucosal lining, we choose the contralateral fibular flap.
Contraindications to Deep Fishhook Removal None Complications of Deep Fishhook Removal Infection Chronic granuloma formation Equipment for Deep Fishhook Removal Cleansing solution, such as povidone-iodine or chlorhexidine 21 - and 25-gauge needles 10-mL syringe Local anesthetic, such as 1% lidocaine #11 scalpel Strong forceps or pliers Strong wire cutters (eg, diagonal cutters) Small, nonsterile paper or plastic cup Nonsterile gloves Relevant Anatomy for Deep Fishhook Removal Rarely, hooks become embedded in or near important structures (eg, nerves, vessels, tendons) that must be taken into consideration during removal.
Although there are many technical advances in the treatment of ulcers of the musculocutaneous flap, but the ulcer prevention guidelines is important with a combination of nutrition, medication, physical therapy, change posture regularly, love from family and society can to prevent and to avoid ulcer recurrence.
We perform this study to: 1.
To determine the ratio and relation to allergy with drug at the No.108 Military Central Hospital
Patients receiving aminoglycosides for > 2 weeks and those at risk of vestibular and auditory toxicity should be monitored with serial audiography.
After 6 months of intervention, the results of table 3.30 showed that their knowledge concern to the association between family allergic history and AR, to the symptoms of the disease and the relapse prevention measures have significantly increased in both groups and were not different between the groups treated by Montelukast and health education with the intervention group only by health education (p>0.05).
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency Use During Pregnancy and Breastfeeding Animal reproduction studies with nitrofurantoin have not shown risk to the fetus.
Background: In life, changes (hospitalization, surgery and social support) will create anxiety.
Although folic acid usage for prevention of NTDs were studied internationally; but, the proportion of folic acid supplementation among pregnant women acording to recommendations for effective prevention of NTDs is still low affected by related factors.
All patients are satisfied with their prostheses and desire to introduce other patients who have the same pathologies.
English summary: The multi - micronutrient enriched powder has been produced from rice (61.76%), soya beans, sesame and premix.
Method: We conducted a case series study of 32 pneumonia patients from 2 - 59 months old which nonrespond with empirical antibiotics at General Medicine and Respirology Department in Children Hospital No1 from 12/2014 to 05/2015.
This results also showed that angiogenesis in PVT is also commensurate with the grade of cell differentiation in thrombosis with statistical significance (p <0.001), it meaned the more angiogenesis was, the lower the grate of cell differentiation.
Evaluation of initial results of magnetic resonance imaging using gadoxetic acid in diagnosing focal liver lesions at 108 Military Central Hospital
Results: 22 cases of bee sting complicated with MODS have been investigated level of proinflammatory cytokines and given CVVH, average age of 6.8 years old, youngest of 26 months old.
Objective: To analyze features and relationship of some risk factors to severity of community-acquired pneumonia (CAP).
A randomized controlled intervention study was conducted in 2020 on 603 children aged 24 - 59 months with weight for height z-score (WHZ) < - 0, 5, using high-energy nutritional products (providing 459 kcal / day) and micronutrient fortified to evaluate the effect of using these products on nutritional status.
Some parents respond to the death of a child by quickly planning another pregnancy, perhaps in an attempt to create a "replacement" child.
The Silverman score < 3 after 48 hours increased from 0% to 75% compared with before treatment.
Keywords: Fortaacef, Claforan, infectious disease.
The causes of these problems might be lack of quantity, low capacity and unreasonable structure of human resources.
We evaluated urological complications following renal transplantation.
Vertebral defects should be suspected when posterior midline cutaneous, renal, or congenital lower-limb abnormalities exist.
The caregivers have access to mass media and proper knowledge regarding breast feeding practice (early initiation of breast feeding within 1 hour after birth; Colostrums feeding, breast milk as the first food) were factors contributing to reduce the risk of malnutrition.
Disadvantages of unipolar current and bipolar current in TURP * Disadvantages of using unipolar current in transurethral resection of prostate * Disadvantages of using bipolar current in transurethral resection of prostate 1.2.4.
Color Doppler US is first called to detect the site and the cause of obstruction, but for a revascularization decision, we need a DSA or a MSCTA.
Far clinical treatment results.
Serum levels are helpful in confirming the diagnosis and may help guide therapy, but levels may be misleading and should be clinically correlated.
Tolcapone should be stopped if alanine aminotransferase (ALT) or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels increase to twice the upper limit of the normal range or higher or if symptoms and signs suggest that the liver is damaged.
Hospital admission rates for ischemic stroke increased with the increases in PM 2.5 and diurnal temperature range or the decrease in humidity.
Peliosis Hepatis By Whitney Jackson, MD, University of Colorado School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Jan 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Peliosis hepatis is typically an asymptomatic disorder in which multiple blood-filled cystic spaces develop randomly in the liver.
They were also interviewed using a simple structured questionnaire.
Patients with epileptogenic foci in the medial limbic-emotional parts of the temporal lobe commonly have complex partial seizures, characterized by uncontrollable feelings and autonomic, cognitive, or emotional dysfunction.
Previous studies have shown similar results.
Common adverse effects of stimulant drugs include Sleep disturbances (eg, insomnia) Headache Stomachache Appetite suppression Elevated heart rate and blood pressure Depression is a less common adverse effect and may often represent an inability to easily shift focus (overfocusing).
The objects have different career prevalence of hepatitis B virus different.
The average age was 65.96 years (range 36 - 86 years).
Gout is a common joint disease in Vietnam as well as many countries around the world.
The results show that glucose and sucrose are two common active pharmaceutical ingredients with specific rotations that change with the pH value and temperature of the investigated solution.
However, medication adherence, an essential factor for treatment success, is still not optimal.
An alternative method is to progressively delay bedtime and awakening time by 1 to 3 hours / day until the correct sleep and wake times are reached.
Case group were in - out patients followed - up for epilepsy at the Pediatric Neurology Department of Children Hospital 2 and Controls were children attending the same hospital, similar number and age - matched cases without epilepsy.
If mobility is restricted, measures to prevent skin irritation and breakdown due to urine are essential (see Prevention).
Key words: EQ-5D-5L, quality of life, diabetes mellitus
Have the assistant on the opposite side of the body lean backward against the sheet to create countertraction while you manually apply axial traction to the arm.
Results: The average of age was 48.1 (range: 14 - 87).
Results: The proportion of respondents who had correct answers the dietary impact of the disease; in principle of diet; healthy food; unhealthy food: 60.8 - 74.4%; from 64.6 to 83.6%; from 51.4 to 87.5%; 52.8 - 81.5%.
Elevated sputum eosinophils correlated significantly with age groups, gender, family and patient atopic status, severity of asthma attacks and duration of disease (p < 0.05) and did not correlate with clinical features and severity of asthma.
The first priority of psychotherapy is to stabilize patients and ensure safety, before evaluating traumatic experiences and exploring problematic identities and reasons for dissociations.
Centipede and Millipede Bites By Robert A Barish, MD, MBA, University of Illinois at Chicago; Thomas Arnold, MD, Department of Emergency Medicine, LSU Health Sciences Center Shreveport Reviewed / Revised Jan 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Topic Resources Centipede Millipede Although both centipedes and millipedes have segmented bodies, millipedes have two sets of legs per segment directly under their body, whereas centipedes have only one set of legs per segment positioned on the side of their body.
Patients with uncomplicated hypertension do not need to restrict their activities as long as blood pressure is controlled.
Placental function is normal, but trophoblastic invasion extends beyond the normal boundary (called Nitabuch layer).
Ocular: If the eyes are affected, episcleritis usually results.
- Detailed, comprehensive description of clinical features, electrophysiological method for peripheral nerve of victim with nerve injury in the forearm segment (ulnar nerve, median nerve and radial nerve).
Treatment often includes intranasal corticosteroids, antibiotics, and, for significant nasal obstruction or persistent recurrent acute otitis media or middle ear effusion, adenoidectomy.
Key words: intestinal parasite, health education
Background: Early percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has been proven as a more effective treatment in mortality improvement of high-risk non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI), compared to optimal medical therapy (OMT) only.
After the patient is in position, and while applying traction, fully adduct and internally rotate the affected arm to assist in disengaging the humeral head from the glenoid rim.
Conclusion: Endoscopic ultrasound is a valuable method in the diagnosis of malignant biliary obstruction, especially the low segment of bile duct.
Other risk factors include maternal use of certain drugs (eg, valproate) and maternal diabetes.
Research into and application of a surgical technique that offers much hope of improving the effectiveness of preserving the visual function of patients is very necessary.
Urinalysis and urine culture are usually done.
Result: Most of health workers had correct knowledge about exposure and infection to patient's blood and secretions.
The results showed that there were some samples did not meet the quality criteria such as qualitative, quantitative.
- The patients with dermatomyositis had much more severe activity than the patients with polymyositis and the degree of chronic damages of dematomyositis was more common than the polymyositis.
Cardiac manifestations usually begin in the subacute phase of the syndrome about 1 to 4 weeks after onset as the rash, fever, and other early acute clinical symptoms begin to subside.
On the botanical characteristics side, the document describes only preliminary morphological characteristics of plants and powder foliage.
Results: After 18 months of health education interventions, the outcomes of this study are presented as followings: the percentage of receiving HBV information was elevated, the percentage of knowledge, awareness about morbidity and mortality of HBV infection as well as the percentage of HBV vaccinated were significantly increased. The percentage of positive anti-HBc is lower in the intervention group compared to control individuals.
Aftercare for the FARES Method Successful reduction is preliminarily confirmed by restoration of a normal round shoulder contour, decreased pain, and by the patient's renewed ability to reach across the chest and place the palm of the hand upon the opposite shoulder.
Conclusion: The data recorded is relatively modest, but the benefits of hip joint replacement surgery has brought great success, helping patients improve pain, rehabilitate the mobility of the joint.
The nutrition status of gestational melitus diabetes outpatients in tu du hospital in 2019.
Hematocrit (Hct) levels during the febrile phase and critical phase were 49±1% and 47±1% respectively.
Investigation of inhaler technique of asthma and copd patients at respiratory care center of university medical center hcmc
There were no case not respone.
Neonates with respiratory symptoms require chest x-ray.
Keywords: tongue cancer, cervical node metastasis, depth of invasion, occult cervical node metastasis
How To Catheterize the Bladder in a Male Child By Keara N DeCotiis, MD, Nemours / Alfred I duPont Hospital for Children Reviewed / Revised Dec 2020 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Indications Contraindications Complications Equipment Additional Considerations Relevant Anatomy Positioning Step-by-Step Description of Procedure Aftercare Warnings and Common Errors Tips and Tricks Urethral catheterization is insertion of a flexible catheter through the urethra into the urinary bladder.
Results: The rate of safe sex was 16%, the rate of substance use was 98.8%, the most common was alcohol (82.7%).
Malnutrition is 11.7%,, especially in medium form.
No severe complication was noted.
Major angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma cases and minor peripheral T-cell lymphoma, not otherwise specified cases had BCL6+ / CD10+ immunoprofile (p value respectively 0.001 and 0.003).
Overview: Rectal cancer is a common cancer in Vietnam. Laparoscopic anterior resection with double-stapling technique has been more and more popular.
Diagnosis is typically by inspection, although sometimes a skin biopsy is necessary.
Corticosteroids may be effective in reducing the tumor load.
Invasive ductal carcinoma accounted for 89.2%, histological grade 2 accounted for 67.5%.
When patients open their mouth, the mandible typically deviates toward the painful side.
Strength excercise helps a lot for patients with non-traumatic shoulder dislocations, pediatric patients, and patients with intentional instability.
As the result, the formulation of the micro curcumin bead was optimizer and chosen.
Class Ia drugs may organize and slow atrial tachyarrhythmias enough to permit 1: 1 AV conduction with marked acceleration of the ventricular response rate.
Keywords: Curcuma aromatica, quantitation, HPLC, curdione, germacrone
Right ventricular enlargement that occurs in cor pulmonale may be masked by lung hyperinflation or may manifest as encroachment of the heart shadow on the retrosternal space or by widening of the transverse cardiac shadow in comparison with previous chest x-rays.
Iron group: received 3mg / kg / day orally.
Patients empty the reservoir by relaxing the pelvic floor muscles and increasing abdominal pressure, so that urine passes through the urethra almost naturally.
Compare the difference in image quality of lung cancer lesions on DECT of virtual monochromatic and mixed images.
BP is measured in all extremities.
Primarily, patients were infected: hookworm (8.5%), Trichiuris trichiura (4.3%) and then Clonorchis sinensis 0.9%.
Main outcomes and conclusions.
Therefore, there needs to be a change in the stream of medical examination and treatment and closer coordination between nurses and doctors at the clinic to reduce waiting time for customers and hence, improve the quality of medical examination and treatment services
Acute infectious arthritis is most common in older adults, but may occur in children.
Objectives: To assess knowledge and practice of maternity care in Hoa Vang District, Da Nang City.
Furthermore, recent data also indicate that the PRO-inflammatory macrophages M1 phenotypes predominate over the ANTI-inflammatory macrophages M2 phenotypes, especially in the visceral adipose tissue.
The researchers assessed deidentified genetic data on these variants from up to 850, 000 individuals, including data from 85, 000 who had worn wearable sleep trackers for 7 days and 250, 000 who had filled out sleep-preference questionnaires.
When the swelling resolves, a cast is applied.
Positioning Position the patient with the arm supported.
The results were acceptable, but adjuvant therapy is postoperatively necessary.
Begin testing with complete blood count (with manual differential), quantitative immunoglobulin levels, antibody titers, and skin testing for delayed hypersensitivity.
Interdisciplinary palliative care teams are made up of various professionals (eg, physicians, nurses, social workers, chaplains) who work together with patients' primary and specialty clinicians to relieve physical, psychosocial, and spiritual stress.
Single-patient airborne infection isolation rooms and N-95 respirators or similar personal protective equipment are recommended.
It is distinguished from normal concerns about appearance because the preoccupations are time-consuming and cause significant distress, impairment in functioning, or both.
Of clinical signs and symptoms, headache had the highest rate with 35 out of 52 cases (67.30%); itching and hives 42.30%; blurred vision 25%; abdominal pain 28.85%, digestive disorder 7.69%.
Proteinuria 85.7% Hypertension 86.2%, pain and tenderness in the midepigastrium, right upper quadrant 24.1%, nausea and vomiting 6.8%, headache 58.6%, blurry vision 13.8%.
About directly causes of the obstruction: 50% a single band adhesion, 30% adhesion in the incision, 15% bowel stick together.
This is the first study in Vietnam to evaluate the effect of thrombocytopenia pregnant women to the number of platelete in their newborns.
Loss of vertebral body height and increased biconcavity characterize vertebral compression fractures.
© Springer Science+Business Media Pediculosis Pubis (Pubic Lice) With Nits Attached to Pubic Hair © Springer Science+Business Media Pubic lice cause pruritus.
The healthcare associated infection prolonged ICU patients hospitalized 18.1 ± 12.6 days, more than non-nosocomial healthcare associated infections 8.5 ± 5.4 days (p<0, 1), increased bad out come OR= 3.9; 95% CI: 2.3 - 4.2.
Tests for cryptococcal antigen and fungal culture should be done each time.
Vancomycin in clinical use
The group III has more unexpected events than others such as: restless, anxiety, agitation, uncooperation.
Efficacy of botulinum toxin in treatment of hemifacial spasm
Sublingual immunotherapy using 5-grass pollen sublingual tablets (Oralair®—an extract of 5 grass pollens: sweet vernal, orchard, perennial rye, timothy, and Kentucky blue grass) can be used to treat grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis.
Edema of the pancreas may be visible, but overlying gas frequently obscures the pancreas.
Research on clinical and subclinical characteristics of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis infection in patients with liver cirrhosis
Objective: To assess the efficacy of CQ for treatment of P vivax malaria.
In this study, we encourage all doctors who should be TST when diagnosis tuberculosis due to above-mentioned profit.
Commonly, women test positive for pregnancy and have vaginal bleeding and severe nausea and vomiting (hyperemesis gravidarum) and fetal movement and fetal heart sounds are absent.
Classification of Prostatitis Prostatitis is classified into 4 categories (see table NIH Consensus Classification System for Prostatitis).
No strains were resistant to spectinomycin and ceftriaxone.
With the introduction of regional cerebral perfusion, many surgeons have shifted their practice from a deep to a moderate systemic hypothermia during repair of the thoracic aorta.
Studies that follow children from birth to adulthood indicate that most adult mental health disorders begin in early childhood and adolescence (3, 4).
Clinical case of renal infarction at Vinmec Phu Quoc international
Such tumors are usually benign; however, about 10% are papillary thyroid carcinoma.
It is necessary to increase the canals preparation diameter, extend the working time and increase the risk of errors, lose the obturationlength or gutta-percha in the apical region can not be heated.
Results: Maisine CC was chosen as the excipient for inner fill material which included C aromatica extract and Maisine CC at the ratio of 1: 3 (w / w).
The majority of liver tumors located in the right liver (74.8%) and usually have two or more tumors (91.6%).
The cumulative reduction from 2015 to 2019 was 9% (from 142 to 130 new cases per 100, 000), including a reduction of 2.3% between 2018 and 2019.
This process helps identify single or multiple nucleotide variations as well as areas of insertion or deletion.
Myeloma is confirmed by bone marrow examination.
Because NT-ProBNP is a new cardiac marker and has been researched in 5 recent years, the cut-off of NT-ProBNP is still being studied for the clinical application in cardiovascular diseases.
English summary: Gelatin is an important polipeptide having many applications in food, cosmetics, pharmacy, photography industry.
Therefore, as the pulmonary outflow obstruction becomes more severe, the murmur becomes softer.
Keywords: Real-time PCR, HLA-B * 1502, carbamazepine.
The average time to diagnose PE was 11.48 ± 2.92 days.
For Hurley Stage III disease, medical and surgical therapy should be more aggressive.
Vitamin A deficiency in children in Hochiminh city and risk factors.
This study exhibited that 4AC-4T and Anastrozole are effective chemotherapeutic regimens for hormone receptor-positive breast cancer.
Most of examination and treatment of gynecological diseases have done at health station. The reasons of not taking gynecological check-up were shyness (56%), difficult transportion (9.7%) and poverty (7.5%).
An audiometer delivers sounds of specific frequencies (pure tones) at different intensities to determine the patient's hearing threshold (how loud a sound must be to be perceived) for each frequency.
Relevant factors to failure treatment were gestation, birth weight, early-onset neonatal infection (OR=5.33, p=0.034), infants having severe levels of respiratory failure (OR=5.63, p=0.029).
Methods: This study was a pilot randomized controlled trial.
Cryotherapy is not commonly the therapy of choice in the US but may be used if radiation therapy is unsuccessful.
Clinical characteristics at admission can help identify patients at an increased risk of WRF.
Pregnancy and breastfeeding Requirements for nutrients increase during pregnancy and breastfeeding.
Warnings and Common Errors When Removing a Tick Nonmechanical, traditional, and folk methods of forcing the tick to disengage (such as the use of petroleum jelly, fingernail polish, a hot match, or alcohol) are not recommended.
Describe the management of laryngeal stenosis using the epiglottis flap.
They may resort to physical assault.
Patients with headaches and visual field defects or evidence of pituitary dysfunction require brain MRI.
Delivery at about 39 weeks should be planned.
Findings: The detection limit is 0.028 ppm and the quantitative limit is 0.091 ppm; linear range of lead is 2 - 20 ppb with linear correlation coefficient of 0.9989.
Results: From 10/2016 to 12/2018, 10 patients with aortic root disease were operated with minimally invasive approach, including 3 Tirone David and 7 Bentall.
Therefore, it is necessary to change and update advanced regimens in the world to increase survival time and reduce the recurrence rate, improve the quality of life for patients.
Neonatal Cardiovascular Function Fetal circulation is marked by right-to-left shunting of blood around the unventilated lungs through a patent ductus arteriosus (connecting the pulmonary artery to the aorta) and foramen ovale (connecting the right and left atria).
On angiography: Ostium / trunk / distal lesions were 18.2% / 3.6% / 78.2% respectively, mean stenosis rate 45.7 ± 14.9%, 29.1% LM stenosis > 50%, 70.9% intermediate LM disease.
Clinical characteristics of sleep disorder in amphetamine type stimulant users
It requires close monitoring of patient status, fluid balance, and serum electrolytes and so its use is restricted to hospitalized patients.
Objectives: The Ventilator-assosiation pneumonia (VAP) and the mutidrug-resistant bacteria are now increasing and create more difficuties in treament work.
Spontaneous remission is common.
Flowers regular, bisexual, 4 merous.
The study aimed to evaluate the results of osteosynthesis treatment of femoral shaft fractures in children at Viet Duc hospital.
Vitamin B6 includes a group of closely related compounds: pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine.
Sulfasalazine is usually given as enteric-coated tablets.
Finally, the authors propose possible solutions to improve the quality of medical examination and treatment services at 360 Le Hoan General Clinic in the near future.
The examine look microorganism in CSF that almost was negative (all of them negative: 100%).
Grade 4 dyspnea accounted for the highest rate in both study groups (68.3% and 72.7%).
A WHO risk score of ≤ 6 is classified as low risk, and scores > 6 are classified as high risk.
Cysts may be present, often in areas of ground-glass opacity.
Results: The prevalence rate of skin diseases was 41.6%.
Wang et al.
The number of sites with acidic biofilm was significantly higher in male and ≤18 years-old patients (p<0.05).
To evaluate the effectiveness of interventions to prevent hypertension in the community, Thu Duc district, Ho Chi Minh City (2019 - 2020).
Results: There were total 5275 opportunities of hand hygiene observe.
Method: Patients with bicuspid aortic valve at the Department of Heart Surgery, Cho Ray hospital from January 2012 to December 2012 were collected and analyzed the demographic factors, preoperative and postoperative complications and compared them with articles in the world.
Background: Adenosine acts directly to stimulate lipid synthesis.
At time H 0.25, pain levels of the two groups decreased low with the mean of the bupivacaine group of 2.6 ± 0.66 and that of the ropivaca in group was 2.75 ± 0.84.
The severe degenerative disc happened at L4-L5, showing that the degeneration level of the disc is usually related to the regions with large movement amplitudes of the peak region of the arc of lumbar spinal lordosis.
Results: All of our patients have good improvement following the treatment.
Vaccine recipients who develop this rash should diligently avoid contact with immunocompromised people until it resolves.
In some patients, malrotation is found incidentally as part of an evaluation for another problem.
The study of primary pterygium excision with amniotic membrane transplantation contribute to the treament of pterygium.
Conclusion: Three types of lesions are uniformly transparent, the ameloblastoma and crown cysts are mainly at the angle of the jaw while the root cyst are uniformly distributed in the teeth areas.
Those results have shown that, the sensitivity of diagnosing AKI of KDIGO was better than that of RIFLE and AKIN.
Some traditional medical schools, including 70 North American medical institutions in the Academic Consortium for Integrative Medicine and Health, provide education about integrative medicine and therapies.
Methods: Descriptive, cross-sectional study on gouty patients treated in the department of Rheumatology and Nephrology in 108 military central hospital from mars 2013 to April 2015.
In dissociative amnesia, the information lost would normally be part of conscious awareness and would be described as autobiographic memory.
It usually occurs in infants with poor lung compliance, such as those with respiratory distress syndrome who are being treated with mechanical ventilation, but it may occur spontaneously.
Methods This is a case-control study including the entire 370 newly detected cases in 2003. Controls were simple randomly selected from the same population as cases, with the control to case ratio of 1: 1.
In general, although antidepressants have limited efficacy in children and adolescents, the benefits appear to outweigh risks.
There were 6 cases (11.5%) of patch Gore-tex repair and no significant difference of the result compared with primary group was noted.
Prevalence and incidence of AKI in patients at ICU were still very high.
Complications of candidal infection can include emphysematous cystitis or pyelonephritis and fungus balls in the renal pelvis, ureter, or bladder.
These risks are higher in men and in patients with more advanced disease (as evidenced by more task force criteria).
Percutaneous transluminal angioplasty of the abdominal aorta using the kissing baloon technique.
The study has demonstrated a clear association of many factors with prognosis.
Published in Cellular Physiology and Biochemistry, the discovery was made by the laboratory of Geoffrey Abbott, PhD, a professor in the Department of Physiology and Biophysics at the UCI School of Medicine.
Therefore, our preliminiary study on two species bacteria of E coli and K pneumoniae ESBL showed that the cross-transmissions were very high to at least 50.8%.
A case of hepatic encephalopathy, child C cirrhosis due to autoimmune hepatitis was successfully treated at Cho Ray Hospital
Materials and methods: Cross-sectional descriptive analysis with analysis and intervention, on 424 medical record from March 2016 to March 2017 in Can Tho Children's Hospital.
Tuberculous splenic abscesses: report of a case
Correlation coefficients between number of oocytes retrieved and AFC, AMH and FSH N2 - 3, age were 0.62; 0.48; - 0.39; - 0.22, respectively; and the correlation coefficients between number of oocytes retrieved and E2N7, number of follicles ≥12 mm on day 7, number of follicles ≥14 mm on day 9 were 0.58; 0.3; 0.7, respectively.
Pathologic reflexes Pathologic reflexes (eg, Babinski, Chaddock, Oppenheim, snout, rooting, grasp) are reversions to primitive responses and indicate loss of cortical inhibition.
Keywords: Anxiety disorder, HIV, HAMA, Hospital of Tropical diseases in Ho Chi Minh City.
A surface coat is added in the cytoplasm and, for unknown reasons, is produced in great excess.
Precipitating factors included infections (52.7%) and insulin omission (10.9%).
19, 1% patients were prescribed with only the injection form of coagulants, without switching to the oral form.
A cross sectional study aimed to investigate the factors that affect periodontitis of elderlies living in Hanoi urban area in 2015.
In Viet Nam pituitary tumors have been usually removed by neurosurgeons in general hospitals, but recently endoscopic pituitary surgery is gaining the acceptance.
Keywords: pineal region tumors, surgery, occipital transtentorial approach, outcome
After 12 weeks, 76.5% responded to treatment, 20.6% had stable condition, and only 2.9% had progression.
Keywords: Treatment of cervical spine surgery, herniated disc in the cervical spine, cervical spine injury.
Symptoms and Signs of Dyslipidemia Dyslipidemia itself usually causes no symptoms, although very high TG levels can cause paresthesias, dyspnea, and confusion.
Laparoscopic exploration of common bile duct for stones
Cessation of linear growth is characteristic in children.
Sympathetic nerve block (cervical stellate ganglion or lumbar) has been used for diagnosis (and is used for treatment).
Cramps commonly occur in healthy people (usually middle-aged and older people), sometimes during rest, but particularly during or after exercise or at night (including during sleep).
Equally important is the collaboration between health care providers in a multidisciplinary foot care setting.
This study aims to analyze the characteristics of EGA in Vietnamese patients and its relationship with age, H pylori status and endoscopic gastritis forms (EGFs) according to the revised Sydney system.
Type III was commonly located in the antrum.
Training doctors and nurses in provincial hospitals on mechanical ventilation helps rising care qualities for patients with DHF / DDS.
The bleeding after intervention control rate was 93.3% (28/30).
Diagnosis of Aortopulmonary Window Chest x-ray and ECG Echocardiography and sometimes CT or MR angiography Diagnosis is by physical examination findings, ECG, and imaging.
Patients with streptococcal pyoderma usually do not have a significant ASO response but may have a response to other antigens (ie, anti-DNAase, antihyaluronidase).
The best predictive model of overweight and obesity is built from logistic regression analysis including 8 of the above eating habits with AUC (Area under the Curve) value of 0.931.
Results: The combination of TWA and HRV to prognosic the worsen clinical status have the highest prognosis value with OR=102.13 (p<0.001) sensitivity: 80.49%, specificity: 98%, positive predict value: 98.51%, negative predict value: 75.38%.
Aim: Exploration the clinical features, the image of endoscopy, histology nad the percentage of HP infection in C H.
Keywords: Single-port video-assisted thoracoscopic, mediastinal tumor resection.
The researched values included: velocity and times of the presystolic wave mesured in LVOT, size and diastolic function of the left ventricular, Tei index.
Still attending school, family having knowledge about Thalassemia disease and being able to pay are factors that increase the quality of life of pediatric Thalassemia patients.
However, propofol consumption was significantly lower and greater endoscopist satisfaction in group using the propofol / fentanyl combination.
Symptom scores generally correlated with patient satisfaction scores, particularly with those of cognitive signs and difficulty focusing.
A splint (see figure Joint immobilization as acute treatment: Some commonly used techniques) can be used to immobilize some stable injuries, including some suspected but unproven fractures and rapidly healing fractures that require immobilization for several days or less.
Both polypeptide chains are encoded by genes in the HLA-DP, - DQ, or - DR region of chromosome 6.
The metabolic pathways of Lp (a) production and clearance are not well characterized, but levels increase in patients with chronic kidney disease, especially in patients on dialysis.
To describe the clinical and paraclinical characteristics and comment on the number of oocytes and the pregnancy rate of patients who have a poor ovarian response to ovarian stimulation.
Systemic Corticoids combine Methotrexate for good disease control.
Results: In 1701 samples, the rate of HMA students is 13%.
Conclusion: The docking modellings of telomerase were performed.
The onset and duration of sensory block, maximum upper spread of sensory block; onset, intensity and duration of motor block, any adverse effects such as bradycardia, hypotension, hypoxia, tremor, nausea and / or vomiting were recorded.
Obstetric history includes dates and outcomes of all pregnancies and previous ectopic or molar pregnancies.
Nghiem Thi Minh Chau and Nguyen Hoang Thanh evaluated clinical and laboratory characteristics of febrile neutropenia.
Diabetes has become epidemic in recent years.
There were 38 cases of serious ventriculomegaly, 39 average and 58 mild ones.
Results: 72 patients, 45.55% still living, 54.16% death.
a clinical trial is performed at Tu Du Hospital for 150 cases of unruptured ectopic pregnancy, successful rate is 92, 6%.
Jaundice in newborns can cause kernicterus.
Limitation of the research 22 - Selection of the epidemiological sample was not representative of the population.
Subjects and methods: Cross-sectional description of 39 idiopathic central precocious puberty girls treated with triptorelin 3.75 mg every 4 weeks from January, 2018 to June 2019.
The 100 samples with protein > 0, 25g / L were determined again by TCA 5% and AU 2700; 27 samples with positive glucose were done again by AU 2700. The 20 samples with positive Erythrocyte, Leucocyte were done again by IQ 200 Elite.
We studied 1052 outpatients and inpatients receiving either Simethicone (n = 538) or placebo (n = 514) in University Medical Center of Ho Chi Minh city. Results: Bubbles are more diminishing in Simethicone group than placebo group (p < 0.00001). Conclusions: upper gastrointestinal endoscopic preparation with Simethicone is a safe and simple method which can improve upper gastrointestinal endoscopic visibility by diminishing the presence of bubbles
Liver sinusoidal endothelial cells are often damaged in various liver disorders.
The risk cut-off 1: 50 in the prediction of gestational hypertension of the "in house" software was used to identify the group of high risk with detetion rate (DR) 28, 6% (95% CI: 14, 9 - 42, 2) comparing to 40, 5% (95% CI: 25, 6 - 55, 3) of FMF.
Efficacy of the prevention of hypotension during induction of propofol in the elderly in combination with phenylephredine or ephedrine
Continuing to wear the prosthesis causes more serious skin damage and can lead to skin infection.
Glycolytic Pathway Defects (Embden-Meyerhof Pathway Defects) By Evan M Braunstein, MD, PhD, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Jun 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Treatment Glycolytic pathway defects are autosomal recessive red blood cell metabolic disorders that cause hemolytic anemia.
In canaliculitis, the punctum and canaliculus are red and swollen; in dacryocystitis, the punctum and canaliculus are normal, but a red, swollen, tender mass is located in or near the lacrimal sac.
Table Indications for Splenectomy or Radiation Therapy in Hypersplenism Indication Examples Excessive bleeding Hypersplenic thrombocytopenia Hemolytic syndromes in which splenomegaly further shortens the survival of intrinsically abnormal red blood cells Hereditary spherocytosis Thalassemia Mechanical encroachment on other abdominal organs Calyceal obstruction in left kidney Stomach with early satiety Severe pancytopenia associated with massive splenomegaly Hairy cell leukemia Lipid-storage diseases * Myeloproliferative neoplasms Vascular insults involving the spleen Bleeding esophageal varices associated with excessive splenic venous return due to portal hypertension Recurrent infarctions * The spleen may be up to 30 times larger than normal.
Severe necrotizing skin infections may occur.
The most important benefit of eating seaweed is to the Japanese skin.
Can only choose 1 long shift (10 - 30 minutes), or arrange to teach long shifts at other times.
Objectives: the aim of this study was to compare saliva factor in 2 groups of 9 - 10 years-old school children with low and high prevalence of caries in Binh Chanh. Materials and method: a convenient population of 338 children aged 9 - 10 was selected from Nguyen Van Tran primary school to evaluate dental caries, among which 153 children were divided into 2 groups (low caries: 62 children with DMF-T=0 or dmf-t≤1, high caries: 91 children with DMF-T and dmf-t≥SiC).
Research design and methods: This cross-sectional study was performed in the Nhan Dan Gia Dinh hospital and Medical University Center on participants above 40 years old.
Trabeculectomy with ologen in the treatment of glaucoma:a clinical trial
In general, the changes are more dramatic in multifetal than in single pregnancies.
Other means: Mirizzi was 16.8%, electrohydraulic lithotripsy was 27.1% and combination of means was 8.4%.
Complete blood count and renal function tests are done.
Systemic Lupus Erythematosus in Children
Characteristics of arrhythmias within 48 hoursafter total repair of tetralogy of fallot in children hospital n˚2
The ductal arch (RVOT, PA, and ductus arteriosus) is broader and flatter than the aortic arch.
The larvae usually do not complete their development in the human body but can remain alive for many months.
MOGAD patients with relapsing disease may need chronic immunotherapy.
Research contents include: (1).
Abnormal Uterine Bleeding (Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding) By JoAnn V Pinkerton, MD, University of Virginia Health System Reviewed / Revised Jan 2023 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Etiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources PALM-COEIN classification... Normal Menstrual Parameters * Abnormal uterine bleeding (AUB) in patients of reproductive age is a bleeding pattern that is not consistent with normal menstrual cycle parameters (frequency, regularity, duration, and volume).
Use the thumb control on the laryngoscope to flex the tip down to go past the palate, and then straighten to avoid curling forward into the uvula.
However, ultrasonography is less sensitive for small or ureteral calculi in patients without hydronephrosis, and excretory urography is time consuming and exposes the patient to the risk of IV contrast agents.
The presence of bacterial biofilm in chronic tonsillitis in children
Conclusions: we transplant corals into the sub mucosal septum and floor of noses under the endoscopic anesthesia tracheal is quite simple.
Anticholinergic and adrenergic adverse effects often limit effective dosing.
Disproportionate impairment of fine finger dexterity (eg, fine pincer movements, playing the piano) with relatively preserved grip strength indicates selective disruption of the corticospinal (pyramidal) tract.
Modern model of musculo osteo arthro department in germany
In this case, if 500 mg is present in the body at time zero, after metabolism, 450 mg may be present at 1 hour and 400 mg at 2 hours (illustrating a maximal clearance of 50 mg / hour and no specific half-life).
Ees was calculated using echocardiography single beat method.
Treatment of sickle cell disease during pregnancy is complex.
Mean distance between ethmoidal crest and anterior wall of sphenoid sinus was 10.18±2.303 mm.
M abscessus is a multidrug-resistant organism.
Mutations occur in ATP7B gene, coding for the enzyme ATP7B P - type ATPase, respectively, with copper transport function in the body.
Stolen notes that this form of training also resulted in several health improvements.
Consider Parkinson disease if patients have a resting tremor, consider essential or physiologic tremor if they have a postural or an action tremor, and consider cerebellar tremor if they have an intention tremor.
HBV-DNA had lower levels in AHB.
Other risk factors for DKA include prior episodes of DKA, difficult social circumstances, depression or other psychiatric disturbances, intercurrent illness, and use of an insulin pump (because of a kinked or dislodged catheter, poor insulin absorption due to infusion site inflammation, or pump malfunction).
There were 73, 7% of participants who have never been pregnant termination.
English summary: Objective: To describe the nutritional status of children aged 3 - 5 years old in some communes in Quynh Phu district, Thai Binh province.
The overall median survival was 13.27 months.
If phenytoin is used, a loading dose of 20 mg / kg IV is given (at a maximum rate of 50 mg / min to prevent cardiovascular adverse effects such as hypotension and bradycardia).
Cardiac or cranial manifestations may be visible on routine prenatal ultrasonography.
They are typically unaware of the movements and brief arousals that follow, and they have no abnormal sensations in the extremities.
When a mother has diabetes, her fetus is exposed to increased levels of glucose because of the elevated maternal blood glucose levels.
Therefore, the diagnosis and treatment of intrahepatic biliary tract bleeding need to be quick and effective.
The resultsshowed that only 26, 7%, 66, 1%, 33, 6% of HIV-infected pregnant women have the knowledge, attitudes, behavior right on the prevention of HIV transmission from mother to child.
But after 1 week of intervention, this rate increased to 76.7%; 1 month after intervention, 75%.
Bend involved elbow to 90°.
Many older patients with hypothyroidism present with nonspecific geriatric syndromes—confusion, anorexia, weight loss, falling, incontinence, and decreased mobility.
Aims: The study aim was to provide data on incidence and pattern of crossing of the ileocolic artery (ICA) and right colic artery (RCA) with the superior mesenteric vein (SMV). Methods: Retrospective study.
Result: Most the patients (91.4%) were hospitalized because of chest pain.
Knowledge – attitude about contraception and sexually transmitted diseases among students in ethnic high school in Ninh Thuan province in 2020
Manifestations of Pityriasis Rosea Pityriasis Rosea (Herald Patch) Initially, most people develop one large scaly patch (herald patch; arrow), and within 1 to 2 weeks, smaller pink patches can occur on the trunk, arms, and legs.
Enhance treatment adherence After the intervention, the percentage of patients who left out methadone for 3 days and 3 consecutive days in the last 3 months decreased to 20.7%, 4.3% was statistically significant (p <0.05).
Bence Jones proteinuria is absent.
Decreases in effective circulating volume (such as occur with diuretic therapy) increase HCO 3 − reabsorption, while increases in parathyroid hormone in response to an acid load decrease HCO 3 − reabsorption.
2 patients had mitral stenosis 10 patients have mitral regurgitation and 24 patients have mitral stenosis and regurgitation. 28 patients havetricuspid regurgitation 6 of them have severe regurgitation.
An unusual finding of clubbing and cyanosis of only the lower extremities indicates the cause of the cyanosis is right-to-left shunting through an unrepaired large PDA directed primarily to the descending aorta.
Evaluate the result of ureter stone treatment by laser lithotripsy
Abscess and epiglottitis are rare but serious causes.
The marked fluctuations in estrogen levels may contribute to other perimenopausal symptoms and signs such as Breast tenderness Changes in menstrual flow Moodiness Exacerbation of menstrual migraines Symptoms can last from 6 months to > 10 years and range from nonexistent to severe.
However, there is a few studies in the morphology of 24 hour blood pressure in patients having primary hypertension and metabolic syndrome with complication. Objectives: Studying the variance of in patients having primary hypertension and metabolic syndrome (MS) with complication. Methods: Cross-sectional descriptive, analysis, prospective study. Results: In this study, 54 patients having hypertension with MS and 44 patients having hypertension without MS (control group) had the same age and took the blood pressure and 24 hour blood pressure by ABPM.
Cystourethrography For cystourethrography, a radiopaque contrast agent is introduced directly into the urethra and bladder.
Pathological results: Lymphatic cysts (34.3%), simple cysts (34.3%), cystic teratoma (5.7%), epidermoid cysts (8.6%), cystic hematoma (8.6%), mucinous cysts (8.6%).
A case report: pure red cell aplasia associated with anti-erythropoietin antibody
Other studies, however, have shown no relationship between severity of AP and development of T3cDM [17, 24, 51].
Iron Poisoning By Gerald F O'Malley, DO, Grand Strand Regional Medical Center; Rika O'Malley, MD, Grand Strand Medical Center Reviewed / Revised Jun 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Anion Gap Stages of Iron Poisoning Iron poisoning is a leading cause of poisoning deaths in children.
Multiple tools are available to assist with airway management including extraglottic devices, airway bougie, and video laryngoscopy.
Current prevalence estimates in some regions are as high as 1/100.
In these patients, autologous stem cell transplantation may be offered to initial responders before relapse occurs with the intention of improving the likelihood of cure.
Most patients are asymptomatic, but sometimes patients present with cough, hemosputum, and sometimes a history of previous infection.
Survey prevalence hbv, hcv, hiv, syphilis, malariahuman in volunteer blood donation hospital vietnam-sweden drinking year 2007-2008
Acute adrenal failure was found only in patients with salt wasting with 91.8% in males and 78.6% in females.
Patients with junctional epidermolysis bullosa, dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, and Kindler syndrome may develop squamous cell carcinomas of skin and mucosal membranes in adulthood.
However, because the clearance rate varies, duration of neonatal Graves disease varies.
Thorough equipment sterilization, hospital closures, and community education have shortened previous epidemics.
Production of some pharmaceutical compounds by plant cell cultures and transgenic plants
Nowadays, an effective treatment for Acinetobacter baumannii is the most important problem for the clinicians.
The improvement technic there are a lot of
Conclusion: The majority of classical prognostic factors lost their prognostic values in CML patients treated with TKI in terms of ability of CCyR and CMR achievement.
This change is no more evident than in Western society today, when notions of health and health promotion are being challenged and expanded in new ways.
Objective: To describe the characteristics of colonies; to study the relative between characteristics colony of stem cell with some of factors.
Some clinical and paraclinical characteristics of elderly patients with meningitis in thong nhat hospital from 01/11/2008 to 31/11/2013
Other causes of isolated thrombocytopenia (eg, drugs, alcohol, lymphoproliferative disorders, other autoimmune diseases, viral infections) need to be excluded.
Swollen, erythematous tissue may be visible intraorally; however, caustic liquids may cause no intraoral burns despite serious injury farther down the gastrointestinal tract.
Background: Rectal cancer is the common disease over the world and Vietnam also.
Some patients have thrombocytopenia.
Medicine (Baltimore) 96 (36): e7992, 2017. doi: 10.1097/MD.0000000000007992 Prevention of Scrub Typhus Eliminating or decreasing mite populations by clearing brush and spraying infested areas with residual insecticides helps to prevent scrub typhus.
Scores for evaluating quality of life in cardiovascular patients
Spills and contaminated surfaces in the home of patients can be cleaned with dilute household bleach.
In the most common phenotype, the anterior septum and contiguous anterior free wall below the aortic valve are markedly hypertrophied and thickened, with little or no hypertrophy of the left ventricular (LV) posterior wall.
The safety of holy basil in women who breastfeed their babies has not been studied.
Each year, about 5% of patients develop AF with its risks of heart failure and stroke.
From 1/2009 to 6/2012, 22 patients with spinal cord meningiomas treated by microsurgery at the 108 central military hospital.
Determine glycemic index of some vietnamese foods.
AVMs also can occur within the dura.
Studying in knowledge and practice of mothers about sick child care in treatment at Can Tho children's hospital during 2013-2014
Results: Risk of Edward's syndrome increased gradually maternal age, maternal age from 35 years or older had the highest frequency of trisomy 18 pregnancies (50, 8%).
The paper presents three brain metastasis patients from papillary thyroid carcinoma detected in Nuclear Medicine Department, 108 Military Central Hospital in 5 years from 2016 - 2021. We also discusses clinical and radiological features, diagnostic and treatment approaches in those rare patients.
Ascorbic acid is the only common food element known to increase nonheme iron absorption.
Evaluating the safety and effeciency of the laryngeal mask airway proseal for caesarean section
Fungal infections (Aspergillus, Sporothrix, Pseudallescheria) may be chronic and tend to strike older and immunocompromised patients.
Bone marrow or stem cell transplantation may stabilize neurocognitive function in mildly symptomatic forms of the disease.
Frequent or daily use of medications to treat acute headaches can increase headache frequency and cause episodic headaches to become chronic.
It results more commonly from excessively high cuff pressure.
In metabolic alkalosis, urine chloride concentration frequently differentiates renal from extrarenal sources of volume depletion.
Application six arms vaginal mesh for treatment of severe anterior and apical urogenital prolapses - our initial experience
These disorders result from limitation of joint movement in utero.
Adenocarcinomas appear at the mean age of 55 years and occur 1.5 to 2 times more often in men.
Mitochondrial DNA Abnormalities By Quasar S Padiath, MBBS, PhD, University of Pittsburgh Reviewed / Revised Jun 2023 View Patient Education Key Points Topic Resources Some Mitochondrial Disorders Each cell has 1000 to 2500 mitochondria in its cytoplasm.
Objectives: A study has undertaken to evaluate the diagnostic value of pleural fluid concentrations of pleural lysozym (PLys), pleural / serum lysozyme (P / S Lys) and pleural Interferon gamma (P INF-γ) as biomarkers of tuberculosis.
We found no difference in family history, BMI and dyslipidemia.
Midle and long-term results of laparoscopic liver resection for hcc
Tests for lymphatic filariasis should be done in n tropical and subtropical areas where the infecting microfilariae are present.
With the above research results, it will be the foundation and premise for further studies on isolating active of M citrifolia in the future.
Results: There were 72 patients including 80.6% of females, mean age was 48.4.
The glomerulus, which is segmentally sclerotic, is composed of obliterated capillary lumens and an increased amount of mesangial matrix.
Surgery is the mainstay of treatment for salivary gland tumor.
One week after treatment, on the first revisit (T1), there was a decrease in PI, GI, PPD, which had significant level in comparison with the first visit (T0) (p<0.001), while the change in CAL did not show the significance (p>0.05).
Treatment of vulvar endometriomas involves excision.
Adrenarche can occur as early as 9 or 10 years of age.
General rate of biodiversityin Nha Bang town / Vietnam is 7.04, there are more ectoparasite species in forestside landscape than in jungle 1.77 (16/9 species).
Genotypes were determined by the PCR and Sanger DNA sequencing method.
RCA arose from SMA in 38% of cases.
Background: Renal transplantation from brain dead donor make up 95% kidney transplantation cases in European, American.
Exploring the correlation of plas. HBcrAg levels with some biomarkers in monitoring chronic hepatitis B treatment.
The mean number of retrieved lymph nodes were 18 ± 2.9.
Key word: ventricular drainage, intracranial pressure monitoring, intracerebral hemorrhage.
GENOTYPING S EPIDERMIDIS STRAINS ISOLATED IN DIFFERENCE TIME POINTS OF SURGICAL PROCEDURE IN THE SAME PATIENT Staphylococcus epidermidis has been identified as an important cause of hospital-acquired infection.
This position is further supported by other recent reviews that point to the confusing nature of these unproven assertions regarding greater risk to COVID-19 patients taking ACEi / ARBs.
The most common error is insufficient surgical intervention; repeat operation every 1 to 2 days, with further incision and debridement as needed, should be carried out routinely.
Followed by endocrine diseases (4%), neurological diseases (3.5%), trauma (2%).
Knowledge about cost benefit of HI, good perception about HI healthcare quality and about participating VHI in case group higher than control group (p-value < 0.05).
Results: The study showed that the improvement of spinal VAS pain score, RMD score improvement appeared immediately after Calcitonin injection with p = 0.00 and there was no difference in the analgesic effect of Calcitonin through intramuscular and subcutaneous injection.
There were 17.8% of cases of pharyngeal cancer had inserted nasogastric tube / gastrotomy tube in the study group.
Total cholesterol and triglyceride levels are typically increased.
Management of amiodarone-induced hypothyroidism.
Conclusion: Curative chemoradiation with carboplatin / paclitaxel regimen for patients with upper third esophageal carcinoma resulted in high compliant rate and safety profile with mostly grade 1 - 2 toxicities.
Result: In our study, the majority of cases were aged 41 - 60 years, accounting for 71.9%.
Rectal duplication cyst mimicking sacrococcygeal teratoma: a case report and review of the literature
They are commonly due to chronic sun exposure (solar lentigines; sometimes called liver spots but are not related to hepatic dysfunction) and occur most frequently on the face and back of the hands.
The WBC count significantly reduced after leukapheresis.
Certain drugs and toxins are risk factors for PAH.
CRP itself does not appear to have a direct role in atherogenesis.
The usual cause of infectious flexor tenosynovitis is a penetration and bacterial inoculation of the sheath.
Patients and Methods: This is a case series on patients with colorectal cancer diagnosed at the University Medical Center at Hochiminh City from January 2009 to Januray 2013.
Subject and method: A cross-sectional study design was utilized among 111 post-stroke inpatients who treated and rehabilitated in the Military Institute of Traditional Medicine and National Geriatric Hospital by PHQ-9 screening tool.
During the first 30 minutes after injury, use room temperature (20 to 25° C) or cold tap-water irrigation, immersion, or compresses to limit the extent of the burn and provide significant pain relief.
This low rate has been attributed to the dual blood supply to the lung (ie, bronchial and pulmonary).
Objective: The surgery of craniosynostosis is still chalanges in Vietnam.
To evaluate the operational efficiency of medical solid waste incinerators and meet regulations (QCVN 02: 2012/BTNMT).
Follow-up outcomes after the surgery: Narrowing of anastomosis after the surgery: Among patients who visited the hospital as planned, there were three cases (4.3%) having shallow chocking 23 (narrowing of anastomosis) 6-months after the surgery.
Rhinosinusitis is becoming a highly prevalent disease in otorhinolaryngology nowadays.
Regarding the antibiotic resistance, E coli has the highest resistance to Ciprofloxacin, and Klebsiella spp.
The patient continued to be advised to implement treatment regimen when being discharged from the hospital as well as in follow-up visits.
Third-fourth number of patient needed blood infusion with the rate of hemodialysis was 10%.
Results: Twenty and sixty seven patients meeting inclusion criteria before and after intervention respectively were included into the study.
Instead of making your bra size go up, however, the added flab can send breasts down, closer to the floor.
Hematological disorders of lupus patients in Viet Tiep hospital, Hai Phong in 2010
Althougt the disease is not life-threatening, it persists, causung discomfort to patients, severely addecting individuals' daily activities, reducing labor productivity, and reducing quality of life.
Culture for fungi should be indicated if the patient has many risk factors for hospital - acquired fungal infection.
Assessment of potential hazards of the inadvertently present chemicals in food
However, all NSAIDs, some more than others, including cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) selective inhibitors, appear to increase cardiovascular risks.
Indications for Removing an Eye Foreign Body Suspected ocular foreign body Contraindications to Removing an Eye Foreign Body Absolute contraindications None Relative contraindications Identified or suspected intraocular foreign body or other penetrating injury, which requires immediate ophthalmologic consultation An uncooperative patient The patient must be able to stare without moving the eye during foreign body removal.
Polyuria caused by solute diuresis is suggested by a history of diabetes mellitus.
Immediate breast reconstruction with implants and prolene mesh in early breast cancer
If serum potassium is not monitored and replaced as needed, life-threatening hypokalemia may develop.
Resolution of gynecomastia with medical therapy is unlikely after 12 months (ie, late fibrotic stage).
Some causes of rehospitalization of patients with organic aciduria (oa), aminoacidemia (aa), urea cycle defects (ucd)
Value of SOFA score predicting mortality in sepsis shock patients
It is the standard of care for clinically staged T1a tumors (cT1a, < 4 cm) and should be considered in patients with T1b or T2 tumors and those with absolute indications for nephron preservation (eg, bilateral renal masses, CKD, solitary kidney).
Malnutrition is also one of the top ten risk factors for disability and death in Vietnam.
This review collect the most updated studies in these fields.
Naessen T (2012) noted androgen and estradiol related to IMT.
Intraoperatively the cystic mass was found to have common wall with rectum and adhered to anal sphincter.
Their level of function increases with gestational age but is still low at term.
Infections after living donor liver transplantation at children's hospital 2
Since the exploration period, the conquerors of this young land have trained themselves to have specific characteristics to fit with natural and history features in the South.
Method: This prospective study was carried out on all the children who attended Pediatric ophthalmology Department, Eye Hospital Ho Chi Minh City from year 2006 to 2013.
Materials and methods: A case - control study with a selection ratio of 1 case: 2 controls was conducted among 288 postpartum mothers (96 cases, 192 controls) who delivered their babies at Tu Du hospital, Ho Chi Minh city.
In this paper, we present our investigation of medicinal plants in Tan Phu protection forest (Dong Nai Province). We have collected, identified and listed 57 higher plants of 51 genera and 36 familes.
Results: These factors such as marital status OR=1.48 95% CI 1.07 - 2.06; on duty OR=1.52 95% CI 1.13 - 2.05; qualification OR=2.83 95% CI 1.62 - 4.94 and workplace OR=0.54 95% CI 0.29 - 0.98 were found to be related to the unsatisfaction of health workers.
Childhood sarcoidosis is an uncommon disease and recognition of this disease in children is often delayed because of the lack of awareness and unfamiliarity with its clinical features.
Consultation with a specialist may be necessary.
Conclusion: The application of Hemolock clip is efficacious and safe in laparoscopic appendectomy.
In North America, ocean-related schistosome dermatitis (clam digger's itch) occurs on all Atlantic, Gulf, Pacific, and Hawaiian coasts.
Isolation and structural elucidation of gitoxigenin-3-0- -L-oleandroside and 3,27-dihydroxyurs-12-en-28-oic acid in the leaves of Nerium oleander
Using a novel synthetic patient-specific peek cranial implant for synthetic cranioplasty: an intial evluation on 30 patients at bai chay hospital
The separation of these two clinical states is somewhat arbitrary because a hypertensive urgency can progress to an emergency.
Result: Our study have 74 cases between May. 2010 and May. 2011 at University of medicin and pharmacy's Hospital with 42 (56.8%) males and 32 females (43.2%).
MDA concentrations did not differ between groups at all-time points (p>0.05), but there was significant difference between test solutions and negative control group (p <0.05).
Aim: To compare the results obtained by IHC and FISH methods in determination of HER2 status in breast cancer using tissue microarrays (TMAs) and conventional full sections.
Current knee prostheses & vietnamese osteoarthritis the bone-implant fit
Objectives: We find the characteristics of the SB tumors and the results of treatment.
Patients with more severe disease and those with exacerbations experience dyspnea, chest tightness, audible wheezing, and coughing.
Fludrocortisone is not required because the intact adrenals produce aldosterone.
The rare UTIs that occur in men aged 15 to 50 years are usually in men who have unprotected anal intercourse or in those who have an uncircumcised penis, and they are generally considered uncomplicated.
Obstruction in men commonly results from benign prostatic hyperplasia, prostate cancer, or urethral stricture.
Some issues relating to the application of oocyte donation - in vitro fertilization for aged women were mentioned.
One or more areas may be affected, and symptoms do not necessarily progress from mild (eg, urticaria) to severe (eg, airway obstruction, refractory shock), although each patient typically manifests the same reaction to subsequent exposure.
This study aimed to assess the nursing capacity in the management of PIVC through investigaing the proportion of appropriate assessment, evaluation and intervention of nurses, determine the correlation between demographic characteristics and appropriate assessment and intervention in the management of PIVC.
This technique has been performed with no severe complications.
Excimer laser therapy is a type of phototherapy using a 308-nm laser directed at focal psoriatic plaques.
The help and support of those around, especially medical staff, play an important role in helping caregivers cope with these pressures
Subject and method: 65 turns of anemia patients were been transfused with red blood cells at Hematological Department, 108 Military Central Hospital from 01/2022 - 4/2022.
Recurrent or new warts occur in about 35% of patients within 1 year; therefore, methods that scar should be avoided as much as possible so that multiple scars do not accumulate.
Infestation usually results from transfer of ova from the perianal area to fomites (clothing, bedding, furniture, rugs, toys, toilet seats), from which the ova are picked up by the new host, transmitted to the mouth, and swallowed.
In the postpartum period, if Doppler ultrasonography and plethysmography are normal but iliac, ovarian, or other pelvic venous thrombosis is suspected, CT with contrast is used.
Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of treatment of achalasia with esophageal balloon dilation at Bach Mai Hospital and 108 Military Central Hospital.
Asthma is one of the most common chronic diseases of childhood, affecting about 6 million children in the US.
Subperiosteal fluid collections, some quite large, can accumulate; they are called subperiosteal abscesses, but many are sterile initially.
The reason for this difference may be that cytokine quantification was finished at 48 hours (at which point the TNF-α and IL-6 concentrations begin to decrease).
The corneal surface regenerates spontaneously in 24 to 48 hours.
The decision is up to you Ultimately, choosing whether or not to get the vaccine will be a personal decision for each pregnant person.
Background: Knee Degenerative joint disease is one of the most common pathologies in knee.
Comments: After hormone therapies, the number of patients with normal TSH is 72.3% (34/47).
There is an association between serum uric acid levels and radiographic severity of KOA by the Kellgren / Lawrence grading system, OR 1.34 (95% CI: 1.11 - 1.61), p=0.002.
Serum IL-12 levels were measured by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA).
Conclusions: Bortezomib based combination therapy is a new effective therapy in myeloma patients with a higher response rate and different toxicities than MPT group.
We used the Braden scale for pressure ulcer risk assessment and the NPUAP ulcer classification (2016).
They decrease the infiltration of eosinophils into bronchial mucosa and of T cells into epithelium.
CMV infection may account for as much as 21% of all sensorineural hearing loss at birth.
Conclusion: Characteristics of asthmatic patients who stepped down from step 4 to step 1 were literacy level of secondary school or higher, economic condition of having enough to eat or higher, short duration of symptoms, no smokers, high values of FEV1 and PEF, good compliance with treatment.
The most common clinical presentations included prolonged fever after antibiotics therapy (23.8%), uncompensated shock (31%), progress of respiratory failure that needed endotracheal intubation (4.8%) and failure of weaning from mechanical ventilation (7.1%).
Results: The percentage of patients with diabetes and smoking were more prevalent among patients with coronary artery disease (p <0.05).
Glucagon and epinephrine levels surge in response to acute hypoglycemia and appear to be the first line of defense.
Group III consisted of 40 patients who received 8 mg bupivacaine combined with 0, 3 mg morphine.
This study analyzes the service cost audit at nonbusiness healthcare units with the case of the Preventive Medicine Center under the National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology in order to find out some initial solutions for non-business healthcare units.
- Does menthol have an effect on nicotine or nicotine-derived nitrosamine metabolism?
Abnormal antibody may cause transfusion reactions.
Medical devices, including implanted gastric balloons, a vagus nerve stimulator, and gastric aspiration therapy are also available, but their use remains limited due to high cost and limited data in patients with diabetes.
Conclusions: Diverticula did not cause any technical difficulties at ERCP or increase the risk of complications.
The validated method was applied for quantitative determination of methyl paraben and propyl paraben in the soft capsule of Vitar C and the soft capsule of Cetiboston.
During these two years, 23.79% of patients underwent surgeries.
Understandings about dental caries and early stage dental caries 1.2.1.
Patients were followed up for 30 days after operation.
For infants and young children, the Modified Glasgow Coma Scale for Infants and Children is used (see table).
Antithymocyte globulin (ATG) or alemtuzumab is often given as induction therapy.
The size of LDL particles varies from large and buoyant to small and dense.
Most patients had less than 16 lymph nodes removed accounting for 53.1%, tumor invasion is mainly T4a accounting for 59.3%, N1 lymph node metastasis was the highest with 35.9%, the most common stage of the disease is IIIA accounting for 42.2%, tumor ≥ T3 with lymph node metastasis accounts for 77.3%, adenocarcinoma accounted for the highest rate with 67.2%.
These test results may be associated with the lupus anticoagulant and a prolonged partial thromboplastin time (PTT).
For 40 other cases, non-contrast CT scan could define 30 normal appendix with other lesions such as: colonic diverticulitis, colitis, ovarian tumor,... 10 remaining cases had appendicitis suspected with good conservative treatment response.
Results: 30 patients (14 women) compose of 18 diabetic foot ulcers, 7 retarded wounds, and 5 cellulitis.
Materials and method: A cross-sectional study, postpartum women Can Tho Gynecology Obstetrics Hospital from February 2018 to June 2018.
To study applied anatomy of the sphenoid and related structures in the skulls of vietnamese
English summary: This study was done to develop the process of producing "shellfish minced on cucumber" which is preferable by the consumers, ensures food safety and achieves high economic value.
Alcohol Use Disorder and Rehabilitation By Gerald F O'Malley, DO, Grand Strand Regional Medical Center; Rika O'Malley, MD, Grand Strand Medical Center Reviewed / Revised Dec 2022 View Patient Education Etiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment More Information Topic Resources Alcohol Consumption Screening... Levels of Screening for Alcohol... Brief Interventions for Alcohol... Overview of Alcohol Use Disorder Alcohol use disorder involves a pattern of alcohol use that typically includes craving and manifestations of tolerance and / or withdrawal along with adverse psychosocial consequences.
Conclusion: Administration of lactulose enematreatment was seen to improve serum NH3 level and provide better outcome in hepatic encephalopathy patients
Compression is caused far more commonly by lesions outside the spinal cord (extramedullary) than by lesions within it (intramedullary).
At doses of 1 and 2 g / kg, Andiabet reduced insulin resistance by indirect assession through the improved glucose, sucrose and starch tolerance tests in normal and type 2 diabetic mice and direct evaluation by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp in conscious, unrestrained mice.
Results: ARFI correlated closely with FibroScan (r=0.917, p <0.001) while the correlation between APRI and FibroScan was just moderate (r=0.592, p <0.001).
Immunogenicity Results: 3.1.1 HAI Titer 3.1.1.1.
Diagnosis requires direct examination, usually with flexible fiberoptic laryngoscopy.
Correlation coefficient between deciduous and permanent teeth was 0.65 (p<0.01).
Conclusion: Sokal index, as a classical risk factor, has lost significant impact to PFS and OS in the era of targeting therapy for CML.
Investigating the kinetics of anti-SARS-CoV-2 S and the neutralized antibodies response after two doses of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine (AZD1222)
Postoperation complications rate including respiratory failure: 10.4%, heart failure; 16%, neurological: 2.0% new onset of atrial fibrillation 5.7%, infection 2.9%, acute renal failure: 3.8%.
Results: The general percentage of job satisfaction of employees was 48%.
Results of treatment of portal hypertension for 25 patients with liver cirrhosis by transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic (TIPS) method
Aplication pet-ct with 18f-fdg to assess stage and follow up result of treatement in patients with lymphoma at cho ray hospital in the initial stage
The proportion of patients who needed counseling accounted for 34.0%.
Chest radiograph is a simple imaging tool to help diagnose severity and appropriate prognosis in the management of COVID-19 disease.
Studying treatment effective of fresh fzozen plasma in the patients with low blood albumin due to some medical conditions
In Video 2 - 5, transverse video of the gallbladder shows a thick wall with bright nondependent reflectors and dirty shadowing.
Previously, for diagnosis, an attempt was made to provoke episodes by giving dextrose and insulin (to cause the hypokalemic form) or potassium chloride (to cause the hyperkalemic form), but because these tests may cause respiratory paralysis or cardiac conduction abnormalities and are not needed to make the diagnosis, they have been replaced by a safer exercise test.
The barium esophagogram revealed the massive dilation of esophagus with a "bird's beak" sign.
Research results show that a prolongation of the distal motor latency is 69.55% and sensation latency is 50.38%.
Methods: Prospective study from January 2009 to July 2014 analyzing laparoscopic surgery for anorectal malformations of high type.
The results show important influences of the nanometer size on the properties of the systems and the magnetic appearance of Ag nodes when doped with Fe, Co and Ni.
The medial and lateral menisci are intra-articular cartilaginous structures that act mainly as shock absorbers but provide some stabilization (see figure Ligaments of the knee).
In cases of generalized proximal tubule disorder, hypophosphatemia and bone disorders are treated with phosphate and vitamin D supplementation to normalize the plasma phosphate concentration.
Background: Gastrointestinal bleeding (GI) is a complication of many diseases, caused by injury at the gastrointestinal tract or outside the gastrointestinal tract, causing bleeding from mild to severe severity, which can even cause shock and death.
Specialized in: Ophthalmology PhD student: Do Van Hai Course: 30 Instructor: Assoc. Prof Dr Cung Hong Son Training institution: Hanoi Medical University New conclusions of the thesis: The results of the study have described the current epidemiologic and clinical characteristics of macular hole in the community.
State of rigid of patient's knee is improved with NSAID treatment when measuring by WOMAC level, that is 1, 1 ± 1, 6 points improved.
Objective: To evaluate treatment response and adverse effects of R-CHOP regimen in patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma CD20 (+) at 108 Military Central Hospital.
Bitners AC, Arens R: Evaluation and management of children with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
The thickest flap at the vascular position enters the flap (position 2) and thins towards the shoulder (Table 3.1).
As the results, the existence of mtDNA in exosomes isolated from plasma was detected through PCR assay using primers covering most of the mtDNA length.
Unfractionated heparin Unfractionated heparin is more complicated to use because it requires frequent (every 6 hours) dosing adjustments to achieve an activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) 1.5 to 2 times the control value.
With the rapid growth of recent studies, genetic factors play a crucial role in the progression of Parkinson's disease.
In addition, transient neonatal diabetes mellitus is a rare self-limited cause that usually occurs in small-for-gestational-age infants; corticosteroid therapy may also result in transient hyperglycemia.
Tracheostomy is preferably done in an operating room by a surgeon.
Complication: pneumonitis 11.7%, dead 5.88%.
The mean blood HDL cholesterol of patients of both gender with hypertension were significantly lower than normotensive subjects (p < 0.01) at the 50 - 59 aged group.
Mean effort was 1.1 with improved stylet and was 2.3 with normal stylet.
Epidemiological surveillance and recommendations for protecting the health of the army and people in malaria endemic areas and retraining for health workers in malaria control
Application of some dna barcode analysis software to identify medicinal plants
Tumor size evaluation in locally advanced cervical cancer: comparison of clinical examination and diagnostic imaging
Medication adherence to oral antiviral therapy in patients with chronic hepatitis b treated at nhan dan gia dinh hospital
In general, reflex testing is the most objective examination, and sensory testing is the most subjective; often, the area of sensory loss cannot be precisely defined.
Conditions that may pose an increased risk to others (eg, aggressive biting or the presence of exudative, weeping skin lesions that cannot be covered) may require special precautions.
Average hospital stay time was 7.4 days.
The participants were clinically examined, having CT scan or MRI of brain, taking ALP and biological indicators tests upon hospitalization.
Travelers who avoid drinking local water may still become infected by brushing their teeth with an improperly rinsed toothbrush, drinking bottled drinks with ice made from local water, or eating food that is improperly handled or washed with local water.
Methods: This is a descriptive retrospective study comprising 806 IUI cycles at Tu Du hospital from January 2007 to December 2008. The indication for IUI was only oligoasthenospermia (evaluated according to the WHO standard criteria).
Clinical examination 63.9% of patients has pain when moving the uterus, with pain when examination at a deadlock 50.8%, adnexa with mass 41.0%, abdominal wall reaction 31.1% and 14, 7% uterus bigger than normal.
Keywords: RECIST, RECIST 1.1, PERCIST, 18F-FDG PET / CT.
Methods: Data of 32 cholecystectomy patients having asymptomatic CBDS and 64 cholecystectomy patients selected randomize from 1 - 2004 to 8 - 2005 were analyzed.
Patients with findings of peripheral neuropathy may have an apparent cause (eg, diabetes, alcohol use disorder), but a paraneoplastic syndrome due to an occult cancer and amyloidosis must be considered.
Conclusion: Preterm premature rupture of amniotic membrane is not dependent on maternal age, occupation, or geography, but is associated with a history of gynecological infections.
When quantitative or qualitative defects in neutrophils result in infection (eg, chronic granulomatous disease), the infection is usually prolonged and recurrent and responds slowly to antimicrobial drugs.
The rhinopharyngitis is the common infectious disease cause by viruses and bacteria.
Subjects and methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted o 94 postmenopausal female patients visiting the department of medical examination, Thanh Hoa Provincial General Hospital.
PET / CT imaging results has statistically significant changes in the ratio of T1a and T1b stages compared with chest CT.
Researching the nutritional intake will help to assess and timely manage the diet to increase the effectiveness of treatment.
In an attempt to reduce the level of absenteeism amongst the 250 registered and enrolled nurses in the present study, the Prince William management introduced three different, yet potentially complementary, strategies over 18 months.
Keywords: Enzyme NAT2, isoniazid, single nucleotide polymorphism, RFLP, Sanger sequencing.
Variation helps by providing different stimuli; use of the same stimulus (eg, exercises in the same plane of movement) repeatedly eventually fails to elicit the desired effects because muscles adapt to the stimulus.
Synovial fluid WBC counts can be very high (eg, > 50, 000 / mcL [> 50 × 10 9 / L] WBCs) in both infectious and crystal-induced arthritis.
The purpose of this study was to survey the prevalence of anemia, decrease of CrCl, and amemia in patients with HF admitted to the Department of Cardiology, Nhan Dan Gia Đinh Hospital. Methods: This was a case-series study reviewing 97 patients admitted to the Cardiology Department of Nhan Dan Gia Dinh hospital from 01/12/2009 - 31/01/2010 in order to know the prevalence of decreased CrCl, anemia and amemia treatment in patients hospitalized because of heart failure.
Women are at risk of delivering within 7 days.
Results of research has shown that over 94.0% of the elderly are capable of independence in some ADL activities, including: personal hygiene, dressing, toileting, moving, urination and autonomy, eating drink.
Background: Perinatal asphyxia is one of common causes of neonatal morbidity and mortality.
The mortality rate was 30.2%.
In fact, physiologic changes with aging affect many aspects of pharmacokinetics (see Pharmacokinetics in Older Adults and Pharmacokinetics in Children).
Risk of an adverse reaction to abacavir is 100-fold higher in patients with HLA-B * 57: 01, which can be detected by genetic testing.
The association between NT-proBNP level and vasoactive inotropic score (VIS) after surgery The result showed that: basically, the correlation between NT-proBNP and VIS at times N1, N2, N3, N4, and N5 was positive, weak, and not statistically significant.
Long-range effects of rape may include PTSD, particularly among women.
Backgrounds: The dihydroartemisinin (DHA) and piperaquine phosphate (PPQ) is approved as first line treatment of uncomplicated P falciparum malaria.
Muscles shrink and bones protrude.
Updating factors associated with late presentation for hiv care: a study at the medical center of district 1 in ho chi minh city
Oral medication of HPmax medical preparation is highly safe - Maximum medicine admission dose of 25.2g / kg mice does not show any acute toxicity, LD50 has not been identified.
Nutritional status and cognitive development of children under 6 in urban, rural and mountainous area of the north in 2012.
These were performed from structure groups with antimalarial defined on 5 Plasmodium falciparum strains, including chloroquin resistant (K1, FcB1, NF54, Dd2, W2) by 3 bio-assay methods, including (H3-Hypoxanthin) - uptake assay, parasite lactate dehydrogenase activity measuring and flow cytometry. Results: Resulting in 5 models (K1 - 1, FcB1 - 1, NF54 - 1, Dd2 - 1, W2 - 1) with R2 of training set, LOO and external set in the range of 0.57 - 0.86, RMSE in the range of 0.28 - 0.94, indicated that the ability of prediction over 50% and the bias between predicted antimalarial and experiment antimarial approved.
Histamine fish poisoning results in nausea, abdominal cramping, diarrhea, and a distinctive flushing of the face and upper torso (shown).
The longer mean difference proved that the speed to recover was faster.
Laser lithotripsy and stone removalare successful in 100% cases.
Objective: Evaluate the hepatoprotective effects of sevoflurane in hepatectomy with inflow occlusion.
Triple topical therapy is first-line treatment that is often effective and consists of a combination of Hydroquinone 2 to 4% Tretinoin 0.05 to 1% A class V to VII topical corticosteroid (see Table: Relative Potency of Selected Topical Corticosteroids) Hydroquinone depigments the skin by blocking the enzymatic oxidation of tyrosine 3, 4-dihydroxyphenylalanine (DOPA) and inhibiting melanocyte metabolic processes.
Results: 100% patients treated with Traditional medicine including 51, 4% patients treated by traditional medicine combined with modern medicine.
Open laparotomy is necessary to determine disease extent, which guides treatment.
Effectiveness of ARV treatment among patients who inject drugs at an outpatient clinic in Hanoi
Levels of FSH and LH also help determine whether hypogonadism is primary or secondary.
The rate of patients who responded poorly to treatment was relatively high.
"Working environment and health of workers at asbestos - cement corrugated sheet production Dong Anh Investment Construction and materials Joint Stock Company, Ha Noi in 2021" was performed in July 2021 to February 2022 and aimed at: (1) Describe the actual situation of the working environment at Dong Anh investment construction and building materials joint stock company; (2) Describe the health of asbetos cement workers at Dong Anh investment construction and building materials joint stock company in 2021.
Study on MRI characteristics and its value in the diagnosis of meniscal tears due to knee injury
Formulation of self-microemulsifying drug delivery systemcontaining pantoprazole
Characteristics for diagnosis of renal angiomyolipoma operated in binh dan hospital
Age and duration of disease in the group of patients having PIR higher than in the group of patients don't have PIR, HbA1C in the group with PIR lower than in the group without PIR.
The controlled extract of nuciferine was determined by utilizing highperformance liquid chromatography coupled with a photodiode arrays detector (HPLC-PDA).
After inspecting the nasopharynx and larynx, the clinician passes the bronchoscope through the vocal cords during inspiration, into the trachea and then further distally into the bronchi.
Results: mean age 72 ± 10, 672, male / female approximately 3.3/1; the highest percentage of GOLD D patients was 45.1%.
The study was a phase I on project: Validation of the Vietnamses PSQI on Vietnamese patients with sleep disorders as a general measure of sleep quality.
Evaluate the results of surgical treatment of lumbar spinal stenosis in Thai Nguyen national hospital
Broad QRS ventricular tachycardia The QRS duration is 160 millisecond.
Method: This was a prospective observational study. Patients with sepsis / septic shock admitted to the Intensive Care Unit D, Cho Ray Hospital were recruited.
Researchs clinical characteristisc, testing, ultrasound imaging of renal cell carcinoma at cho ray hospital 2013-2014
This treatment is given only after leprosy and TB disease have been ruled out and no other contraindications exist.
Undertreatment results in inability to suppress ACTH with consequent hyperandrogenism, causing virilization and supranormal growth velocity in children and, eventually, premature termination of growth and short stature.
There was no difference between our good outcome (mRS 0 - 1) and Viet Nam as well as Asia statistics.
Conclusion: There was a low percentage of people having good practice of PMC.
Result: From January to July 2004, We have performed randomizelly 48 minilaparoscopic cholecystectomy and 43 conventional laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
We found that infections are the most complicatio (52, 63% of all complications), bone and plate infection are more common and much more serious.
Besides, the survey should observe other types of health workers to improve total health care quality for patients.
Knowledge and practice of food hygiene and safety of kitchen staff in kindergatens in Son La city
Those with a known seizure disorder may be evaluated in a physician's office.
Follicular hyperkeratosis, coiled hair, and perifollicular hemorrhages may develop.
Polymerase chain reaction testing for the diphtheria toxin gene can be done.
To evaluate nutritional status of adults with HIV
The proportion of patients who used adjuvants in the first regimen was 21/43 (48.8%).
Treatment with a neuraminidase inhibitor should be started at the first sign of an influenza-like illness and within 2 days of the exposure.
Management typically includes bed rest, tocolytics (if labor persists), corticosteroids (eg, if gestational age is < 34 weeks—see below) and possibly magnesium sulfate (if gestational age is < 32 weeks).
Patients with residual defects may require retraining, orthopedic appliances, or surgery.
There was 1 (2%) early postoperative adhesive small bowel obstruction (SBO) in group MBP.
Study on adsorption of lead ions onto chitin grafted acrylonitril using Co-60 gamma irradiation method
8 2.1.3 Research location: Hai Duong Hospital of Obstetrics and Gynecology and Hai Duong Medical Technical University Hospital, Hai Duong Province.
We can switch the normal caps on the triple lumen catheter to needleless caps.
11.2% of patients were re-positive with SARS-CoV-2 after recovering from COVID-19.
The more patients rescued from acute myocardial infarction, the more patients have to accompany the post-MI disorders such as residual myocardial ischemia, left ventricular remodelling, left ventricular dyssynchrony, arrhythmia, heart failure, re - infarction.
These precautions are recommended for people of all skin types, particularly those who are fair skinned and burn easily.
This is a cross sectional study of sexual dysfunction and related factors in pregnant women attending antenatal care at the National Hospital of Obstetrics and Gynecology in 2020.
The level of agreement between magnetic resonance and ultrasound in the detection of some fetal brain abnormalities
Keyword: Constipation, nutrition, elderly people, National Geriatric Hospital.
Diagnosis of Postterm Infants Gestational age and physical examination Postterm is diagnosed based on the neonate's gestational age and physical examination findings.
The association of psoriasis with bullous pemphigoid being the most frequently cited, a few cases have previously been described in the literature with coexistence of psoriasis and pemphigus.
From June 2000 to December 2003, 62 cases of appendicular peritonitis have been performed by laparoscopic approach at Hoan My Hospital.
The notion that lymphoma is relatively restricted to the lymphatic system and leukemias to the bone marrow, at least in early stages, is also not always true.
Results: mean age of patients was 47 ± 13 years old (range from 20 - 74 years old).
Meso-Rex bypass is therefore considered the gold standard treatment and shows good results.
Results: The prevalence of alcohol drinking within the last 12 months and problematic drinking was 86% and 44% respectively.
The results of the study has indicated that the accuracy and safety of TBNA is highly reliable.
Results: 102 overweight, obese children, having hepatic steatosis in the ultrasound test enrolled in our study.
Dystonias By Hector A Gonzalez-Usigli, MD, HE UMAE Centro Médico Nacional de Occidente Reviewed / Revised Feb 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Classification Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Dystonias are sustained involuntary muscle contractions of antagonistic muscle groups in the same body part, leading to sustained abnormal posturing or jerky, twisting, intermittent spasms that can resemble tremors, athetosis, or choreoathetosis.
Examining the rate of chronic diseases and constitutional types of traditional medicine on overweight - obesity
Other tests (eg, serologic testing for rheumatic disorders) should be done only if indicated by findings on history and / or physical examination.
Through screening, 88.1% of cases were normal and 11.9% of cases had abnormal in which mainly women in age from 30 to 50 (77.6%), over 60 rarely (4.8%) and no case under 20 years old had breast tumor.
The extent and severity of coronary lesions were assessed by the number of coronary stenoses and Gensini score. Results: Hs-CRP was significantly higher in patients with ACSs compared to CSA (p < 0.001).
Keywords: Vaccine, related factor, children, 24 months
Later, before starting rehabilitation therapy, patients should be reevaluated; these findings are compared with baseline findings to help prioritize treatment.
For example, patients with a limited life expectancy may not live long enough to benefit from aggressive treatment of a slowly progressive disorder (eg, radical prostatectomy for a localized, slow-growing prostate cancer).
(See also the US Preventive Services Task Force's summary of recommendations regarding screening for chlamydial infection.)
In contrast, if the training intensity is severe, irregular, causing injury (pain after training) bone, joints, muscles... it will increase the inflammatory process and be harmful to health.
The dislocation is older than 7 to 10 days, due to an increased risk of damaging the axillary artery during the reduction, especially in older patients Complications of Scapular Manipulation Complications are uncommon with the scapular manipulation technique.
Hold the introducer syringe with the needle bevel facing up.
Jaw claudication and diplopia are associated with a higher risk of blindness.
Rating depression scale by HAM D - 17 of the Max Hamilton (located in the technical category of the Ministry of Health) with a total score of 8 points or more are considered to have depression, after collecting and processing data we conducted data analysis and comment the results, thereby offering some reasonable solution.
No patients had any organ damage or blood transfusion.
Patients complain of difficulty initiating swallowing, nasal regurgitation, and tracheal aspiration followed by coughing.
Sometimes a trigger (particularly immunosuppression) causes reactivation.
Mandibular Condylar Hypoplasia By Gary D Klasser, DMD, Louisiana State University School of Dentistry Reviewed / Revised Dec 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Mandibular condylar hypoplasia is facial deformity caused by a short mandibular ramus.
Differentiation level of PVT as well as tumor in liver were devided into 4 separated levels, including: high, medium, and low, and nondifferentiation.
In the absence of carditis, no physical restrictions are needed after the initial episode subsides.
U3 RNP (fibrillarin) antibody is also associated with diffuse disease.
Tongue-retaining devices are more uncomfortable than mandibular advancement devices.
Differential diagnosis A complete list of all possible causes of an acute abdomen is of little use in daily practice, therefore we just provide some imaging examples of several frequent causes of acute abdominal pain US shows enlarged mesenteric lymph nodes in the right lower quadrant, with no other abnormalities US shows enlarged mesenteric lymph nodes in the right lower quadrant, with no other abnormalities Mesenteric lymphadenitis.
- There is a high rate of dissociation disorder patients who tend unstable personality (82, 41%) according to Eysenck psychological testing.
Conclusion: After the intervention of a clinical pharmacist, the appropriateness of antibiotic use was improved.
During this stage, patients should be instructed to gradually resume moving the injured part normally, including putting load-bearing stress on it.
The efficacy of Zn supplement in energy-consumption decline and other fatal concomitant disorders in children aged 3 - 48 months.
Less common anomalies include penile agenesis, duplication, and lymphedema.
Proteomic technologies have given renal physiologists and nephrologists broadened, powerful new tools for understanding normal and disease-related mechanisms in the kidney.
The urethra and bladder should also be palpated anteriorly to identify abnormal tenderness.
Nearly Two-Thirds Reported That Exposure Came From Family Members Of the total study participants observed, 82 (21%) were under 4 years of age; 214 (54%) were female; 217 (55%) were non-Hispanic black, and 145 (37%) were non-Hispanic white.
Randomized trial for colectomy ablation with mini open laparotomy and laparoscopy
EVALUATE THE CHANGING OF SERUM FERRITIN AND TRANSFERRIN SATURATION IN CHRONIC RENAL DISEASE PATIENTS UNDERGOING HEMODIALYSIS Background: In patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) undergoing hemodialysis, the iron index is affected by blood lost, iron supply to the bone marrow and iron therapyevaluate the changing iron index in patients undergoing the first-three month hemodialysis.
The averaged fasting plasma glucose was 11, 96 ± 3, 22 mmol / l, the HbA1c was 9, 46 ± 1, 36%, 27, 4% patients with overweight.
STUDY ON PLASMA CONCENTRATIONS OF ΒHCG AND ΑFP IN DIAGNOSING TESTICULAR CANCER Objective: Evaluation of tests of plasma αFP and βHCG in diagnosing testicular cancer and according to stage of disease.
Materials and methods: Leaves of Zanthoxylum avicennae (Lam.)
Open dislocations require surgery, but closed reduction techniques and immobilization should be done as interim treatment if the orthopedic surgeon is unavailable and a neurovascular deficit is present.
Otic Tumors By Bradley A Schiff, MD, Montefiore Medical Center, The University Hospital of Albert Einstein College of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Dec 2022 View Patient Education A number of malignant and benign otic tumors occur, usually manifesting with hearing loss.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's adverse childhood events study demonstrated that childhood history of verbal, physical, or sexual abuse predicted an 8% increase risk of BMI ≥ 30 and 17.3% of BMI ≥ to 40.
Conclusion: There was a need in further strengthening health communication and education for people on preventing and controlling Varicella, especially for ethnic minorites.
- Performing surgery: Two surgical teams performed in parallel: - Team I: lymphadenectomy, tumor rejection, preparation of receiving vessels.
Objective: To develop and test content validity of the initial health education competence Instrument for measuring health education competency of nurses in hospitals.
All acid-base disturbances result in compensation that tends to normalize the pH.
Ethical considerations In clinical studies, the ethical consideration is whether a placebo should be given at all.
More than 70% of samples with urine protein > 0, 25g / L by semi-qualitative method were lower in comparision with two other methods.
In addition, within the pathological group, patients with neurogenic pathologies received the highest scores, whereas patients with laryngeal inflammation received the lowest scores in all other pathological groups (Annova, F test P <0, 05). Conclusion: The Vietnamese VHI is maintained its power across translation and a powerful tool for assessment of speakers with or without laryngeal pathologies.
Tumor staging may require cerebrospinal fluid examination and CT or MRI of the chest, abdomen, and other areas where tumors are suspected.
Rationale: At present, antibiotic resistance is a global problem, especially in developing countries, including Vietnam.
The sodium / glucose cotransport in the gut is optimized with a sodium: glucose ratio of 1: 1.
If metastatic or infectious disease is possible, fine-needle biopsy can be diagnostic but is contraindicated if there is suspicion of adrenal carcinoma (to avoid spread of tumor) or pheochromocytoma (to avoid precipitating acute hypertension).
To study some hematological and biochemical indices of platelets and the quality of platelets on Amicore 2.
The IAC capacity of self-produced and commercial OTA-BSA conjugate was 150 and 50 ng, respectively.
Acute complications (associated injuries) include the following: Bleeding: Bleeding accompanies all fractures (and soft-tissue injuries).
If not certain, use ultrasound to identify a site, confirming the presence of ascitic fluid and the lack of overlying bowel.
Methods: Patients or donors achieved CD34 > 20 cells / μl by cross - Descriptive method.
The average diameter of LA measured in the superior-inferior, antenor-posteror directions were: 59.97 ± 7.03 nun, 36.70 = 5.53 nun and 53.64 ± 8.81 m; respectively.
Because most such agents cannot quickly penetrate intact skin, disrobing and showering usually suffice for decontamination; such decontamination should not be unduly delayed but is not as urgent as when certain chemical agents are involved.
Peroneal nerve palsy 2, 27%.
The ratio of EM to THSG increased by more than 2.6 times after the processing.
Conclusions: The Multislice CT angiography has a high value in diagnosis of AVM.
Keywords: CT simulation, esophageal cancer, radiation therapy planning, using intravenous and oral contrast agents simultaneously.
As for other dementias, cognitive deficits are evaluated.
Table Symptoms of noninfectious meningitis are similar to those caused by other kinds of meningitis (eg, headache, fever, nuchal rigidity).
Hemorrhagic disease of the newborn (see also Vitamin K Deficiency) is hemorrhage within a few days of a normal delivery caused by transient physiologic deficiency in vitamin K-dependent coagulation factors (factors II, VII, IX, and X).
Good knowledge about COPD was 4.7%; good attitude with the disease reached 16.4%.
The average volume of hematoma before treatment before treatment was 53.38 ± 16.6 ml.
Fingernails should be cut short to minimize excoriations and secondary infections.
For all dislocations: Successful reduction may be accompanied by a perceptible "clunk." Aftercare for Ankle Dislocation Reduction Successful reduction is preliminarily confirmed by visible restoration of a normal calcaneal contour and by decreased pain.
2. The value of genes encoding beta-lactamase to identify phenotypic beta-lactam resistance of bacteria and influence of genes encoding beta-lactamase on treatment response 24 a. CTX-M and NDM-1 were good candidates to predict Cephalosporin and Carbapenem resistance - The sensitivity of CTX-M on prediction of cephalosporin resistance to E coli and K pneumoniae was 84.9% - 90.2% and 77.8% - 89.5%, respectively.
Objective: To investigate the effect of laryngoscopic autogenous fat, fascia injection in glottic insufficiency treatment.
Headaches are common because of the pituitary tumor.
Objective: This investigation aimed to analyse the root morphology and number of canals in mandibular incisors using cone beam computed tomography (CBCT).
Higher proportion of raw chicken meat samples (50%) was contaminated with Escherichia coli compared to pork (33.3%) and beef (20%).
Edited by JD Heckman, RC Schenck, and A Agarwal.
Decitabine is a new drug which being widely used as a therapeutic option for elderly acute myeloid leukemia patients.
Gram positive cocci: high level resistane (>66%) with quinolones, penicillin.
Circ Cardiovasc Imaging 11 (3): e006891, 2018. doi: 10.1161/CIRCIMAGING.117.006891 Symptoms and Signs of Double Outlet Right Ventricle The clinical manifestations of DORV range from severe cyanosis (with the Taussig-Bing anomaly or any VSD type with pulmonary stenosis) to congestive heart failure and pulmonary hypertension (with a subaortic VSD and no pulmonary outflow obstruction).
This study was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of a new approach in health communication, which is social marketing on iron supplementation for pregnant women of Muong ethic group in Hoa Binh province.
Injury combinate with duodenum was factors predict mortality.
Preoperative staging of rectal cancer has an important role to select the most appropriate treatment.
In three years, there were 30 blood units that were collectted from the walk-in donors for 12 patients in emergency cases.
Method: This investigation was based on direct interviews that included a socioeconomic, physical activity and body anthropometry was measured.
Cessation through the combination between auricular point acupressure, breathing practice method and medical advice
Many patients belong to middle or upper socioeconomic classes, are meticulous and compulsive, have average intelligence, and have very high standards for achievement and success.
Wound healing is impaired by various factors (eg, bacterial contamination, foreign bodies, wound ischemia, host factors).
Heavy chain diseases are plasma cell disorders that are typically malignant.
There was one bile duct injury and one duodenal perforation in laparoscopic group, but no deaths.
Site-specific factors include adhesion molecules in bronchial epithelium and skin and molecules in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract that direct TH2 cells to target tissues.
Skipping breakfast Never, ever skip breakfast.
Methods: Collecting retrospective data from electronic data system as well as administrative documents of District 1 Hospital to survey drug procurement in 2018.
Hyponatremia in patients with brain damage is mainly attributed to two syndromes: SIADH, CSWS, in addition to many causes such as the use of mannitol diuretics, furosemide, multiple fluids or possibly a combination of many causes.
Extensive resection to remove the tumor is the most effective therapeutic option. However, following surgery, the tumor frequently leaves huge organizational flaws and has a significant impact on vital processes including chewing, breathing, and communicating. As a result, reconstructing and restoring the function of these areas of the mouth cavity are crucial.
All patients received the skin and conjunctive care everyday, application of Biafine 3times per day in 74.5%.
To evaluate the nutrional status and associated factors with malnutrition among children under five years old in Bac Ninh Maternity and Children hospital in 2018 - 2019.
Study parameters 2.2.4.1.
Guidewire or catheter embolism also rarely occurs.
Recent evidence also supports the use of radiation to the prostate in men with low-volume metastatic disease, often called oligometastatic disease.
Vital Signs Weight should be recorded at each visit.
The tumor may lie both within and outside the capsule of the joint, especially when involving the popliteal space.
When participants are satisfied with ≥ 50% of the criteria in each stage, it is considered to be satisfied with that stage.
The reductions of CMT 1 mm were correlated with the improvement of BCVA (p=0.02, r = 0.41, Pearson's test).
Thus, if the patient starts to fall, aides can provide support at the patient's shoulder.
The most common presenting symptom is chronic cough that produces thick, tenacious, often purulent sputum.
Unintentional injuries resulting from motor vehicle crashes and injuries resulting from interpersonal violence are leading causes of death and disability among adolescents.
Bleeding of incision was 73.3%.
To describe the current situation of occupational diseases among medical workers in some health facilities in Hanoi.
Conclusion: The nurses self-assessment expectation of providing quality care is higher than the patients experience of receiving care.
The change of biochemical composition of garlic originated from some Northern provinces of Vietnam in the process of processing black garlic
Method: one group pretest and posttest health educational intervention was conducted among 100 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, being treated in the Outpatient Department of Son La Endocrine Hospital from 25/02/2019 to 25/06/2019.
Arbutin in it has an effect on whitening our skin naturally due to the ability to inhibit enzymes, which produce melanin without harm side - effects, prevent anti-aging and free radicals, tighten and smoothen skin.
Do blood tests, imaging studies, and tissue biopsy as indicated to determine the cause of vasculitis (including disorders such as infections and cancer), extent of organ involvement, and severity of disease.
- If the threshold of PSD> 31.99 and / or HBW> 84.25 by Gated - SPECT method means abnormal, the rate of patients after MI with LVD is 77% (according to PSD) and 81% (according to HBW).
There were some factors affecting the inadequate fasting glycaemic control included: Patients over 70 years old with poor glycemic control were 2.98 times higher than patients < 50 years old (95% CI: 1, 45 - 6.13; p < 0.01); patients with increased waist circumference (OR = 6.10; 3.63 - 10.24); patients did not receive advice on diet, exercise (OR = 16.7; 95% CI: 9.22 - 30.40), disease severity and complications (OR = 26.30; 95% CI: 10.97 - 37.39); patients did not adhere to the diet (OR = 2.41; 95% CI: 1.48 - 3.94), did not adhere to physical activity (OR = 1.83; 95% CI: 1.07 - 3.14), non-adherence to medication (OR = 5.35; 95% CI: 3.21 - 8.90); have complications of diabetes (OR = 3.71; 95% CI: 2.17 - 6.34).
The antimicrobial treatment of microsporidiosis depends on the infecting microsporidia species, the immune status of the human host, and the organs involved.
Objectives: Describe clinical features, anatomy.
The Ministry of Health should consider expanding the list of drug in Circular 10 in the direction of adding medicines with high technical standards, such as compliance with EU-GMP or equivalent standards, and medicines of high value, such as specialty drugs or specialized drugs; adding more criteria to confirm the effectiveness of the DD; strengthen inspection of the quality of DD.
Keyword: Stunting, ethnic minority, secondary school, adolescent, Yen Bai province.
Etiology of Hyponatremia Hyponatremia reflects an excess of total body water (TBW) relative to total body sodium content.
Association between fibrinogen plasma level and mortality in severe sepsis pediatric patients
Firstly, the chromatographic conditions were investigated to find out the suitable ones, then the HPLC method was validated Results: The analytes were run through Sunfire TMC18 (250 x 4.6 mm, 5 µm) and monitored at 220 nm.
It may develop in normal tissue, in a preexisting actinic keratosis, in a patch of oral leukoplakia, or in a burn scar.
Currently, studies with multiplex Real-time PCR to identify pathogens have shown promising results, with positive rates about two times higher than normal blood cultures.
However, these first rodent‐derived results motivated us to prevent hyperglycaemia in patients admitted in our COVID‐19 ward, preventing them from respiratory failure.
Probability Estimations and the Treatment Threshold The disease probability at and above which treatment is given and no further testing is warranted is termed the treatment threshold (TT).
Rarely, Rift Valley fever progresses to ocular disorders, meningoencephalitis, or a hemorrhagic form (which has a 50% case fatality rate).
Younger children with localized disease have the best outcome.
Few patients can survived more than 5 years.
Infectious arthritis is ruled out based on Gram stain and culture findings.
Methods: This was a cross sectional study on 106 hospitalized patients with COVID-19.
The mortality rate on the 90th day of the study group was 28.8%, the group with good neurological recovery mRS 0 - 2 day 90 accounted for 59.4%.
Table Etiology of Acute Infectious Arthritis Infectious organisms reach joints by Direct penetration (eg, trauma, surgery, arthrocentesis, bites) Extension from an adjacent infection (eg, osteomyelitis, a soft-tissue abscess, an infected wound) Hematogenous spread from a remote site of infection Common organisms are listed in table.
In comparison with Caucasians, facial convexity was less in Vietnamese people, but upper and lower lip protrusion were higher.
Objectives: Research some clinical and subclinical features in early period helping us giving diagnosis and timely treatment, preventing many complications later.
Transient hypoparathyroidism is common after subtotal thyroidectomy, but permanent hypoparathyroidism occurs after < 3% of such thyroidectomies done by experienced surgeons.
Breathing reductions do not meet strict criteria for obstructive apneas and hypopneas.
Results: the prevalence of overweight / obesity (based on the classification of of WHO 2006) among preschool children was 47.0% in the urban school and 22.2% in the sub-urban school.
Methods: Determine the formation of lip prints we take the photos of lip prints by digital camera.
Results: The mean concentration of total bacteria in the microbiological samples taken from the root canal before preparation was 1.65 108 DU and after preparation was 6.95 106 DU (1DU ~ 1 - 5 copies / ml).
The mean age was 52.3 ± 18, the male: female ratio was 1.61: 1.
This finding appears to be related to the level of glycemic control and is mediated by decreased fetal oxygen tension.
Risk factors include the following: Smoking, which doubles the risk (in 20 to 30% of patients) Obesity Excess use of phenacetin Acquired cystic kidney disease in dialysis patients Exposure to certain radiopaque contrast agents, asbestos, cadmium, and leather tanning and petroleum products Some familial syndromes, particularly von Hippel-Lindau disease and tuberous sclerosis RCC can trigger thrombus formation in the renal vein, which occasionally propagates into the vena cava.
Conclusions: The pathology: most of them are type A (50%), next are type C (21.9%).
Subject and method: 146 patients with tumors and soft tissue lesions in the maxillofacial region, indicated for CO2 laser surgery at Center of Odonto-Stomatology, Hue Central Hospital from 01/2019 - 01/2022.
Overweight is defined as BMI ≥ 95th percentile.
Bile does not normally flow retrograde into the pancreatic duct.
Results: There are 129 participants in this study and the percentage of those who have a good life quality is 56.6%.
Material and method: The retrospective cross-sectional descriptive study with 28 patients who underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy with extended lymphadenectomty for periampullary adenocarcinoma from 01/2012 to 08/2013.
Keywords: endoscopic surgery, sinonasal diseases
Practice of early detection of disabilities in children under 6 years old and some related factors in preschool teachers in Hoai Duc district, Hanoi
When these fractures result from punching someone in the mouth, human oral flora may contaminate the wound, sometimes causing infection.
Formerly referred to as pseudolymphoma, this category is now considered to consist of mucosal-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma, nodular lymphoid hyperplasia, and other low-grade lymphoproliferative disorders [13, 55, 56].
Subclinical symptoms: leukocytosis (1st day 34.4%; 5th day 19.8%); hyponatremia (1st day 18.3%; 5th day 4.3%); Hyperchloremia (1st day 22.1%; 5th day 19.0%).
Gerstmann-Sträussler-Scheinker disease (GSS) occurs worldwide and is about 100-fold less common than Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD).
Those who had severe symptoms (eg, unconsciousness for > 5 minutes, > 24 hours of amnesia) should wait at least 1 month.
An investigation of the factors related to the success rate of iui at cần thơ city gynecology-obstetrics hospital
The mortality rate is 13.3%.
Symptoms of cardiogenic shock (eg, tachypnea, dyspnea, weak pulse, pallor, cyanosis, hypothermia, metabolic acidosis, lethargy, oliguria or anuria) appear when the ductus arteriosus begins to close during the first 24 to 48 hours of life, becoming more pronounced if supplemental oxygen is given.
Estimated blood loss: 60 ml (50 - 200).
Study on complementary feeding practices and related factors to nutritional status of children from 6 to 23 months old in 3 rural communes of Phu Tho province.
Parents participate in the management of the pain of their children by keeping the health staff constantly informed of the fits of pain.
The mean value of white blood cell was 11.28 ± 5.66 G / L.
56.3% of the mandibular wisdom teeth according to the Parant II classification have the highest point equal to or higher than the adjacent 2nd molar chewing surface.
Research objects and methods: Cross-sectional descriptive study, 214 full-time bachelor nursing students of couse 11filled the questionaire.
13 out of 40 patients (32.5%) had luminar frature on X-ray.
Identification of opisthorchis viverrini by a mitochondrial-based multiplex pcrin huong hoa district, quang tri province
When we assessed the correlation between NLR and mortality of all patients, regardless of their age, the AUC was 0.781 (95% CI: 0.71 - 0.85; p < 0.0001).
Result: Prevalence of nicotine poisoning disease is at 33% and is higher in direct production workers.
Conclusion: The results in this study indicate that more than 65% of residents in Binh Phuc Commune, Thang Binh District, Quang Nam Province are at risk of misusing drugs (90% drugs with no label) and especially of antibiotic resistance.
Overview of Managing the Second Stage of Labor VIDEO The 2nd stage is the time from full cervical dilation to delivery of the fetus.
EVALUATION OF OPERATIVE TREATMENT OF MULTI-FRAGMENT CLAVICLE FRACTURES WITH PLATE FIXATION Background: Multi-fragmentclavicle fracture are becoming common nowadays due to traffic accidents with high energy trauma.
Increasing heart rate is a new predictor of mortality and major cardiovascular events in patient with stable angina pectoris.
The study carried out among 615 subjects based on the crosssectional descriptive study design.
Vaccines have been so effective that many health care practitioners currently in practice have seen few or no cases of diseases that were once extremely common and often fatal.
Key words: ECMO, CPB, CHD, TOF
Pregnant women should have a test of cure 4 weeks after treatment and be retested within 3 months.
Investigation of preoperative ophthalmological findings of 139 cases of sellar region tumors
Characteristics of the study subjects: - The main reason of having been operated is to be feared of advancing periodontal lesions (43.8%), aesthetic and tooth sensitivity reasons are less proportions (both are 28.6%).
Toothbrushes and toothpaste toeresupplied and the children were instructed to maintain usual oral hygiene measures.
Methods: The cross - sectional stydy was conducted at the Cardiology Department and the Intervantional Cardiology department at Tam Duc Cardiology Hospital from 6/2016 to 10/2016. Inpatient with CAD were invited to participate in this study.
There are some differences in cardiac surgery-associated AKI incidence among studies, both domestically and overseas.
This technique can be used when CT and MRI with IV contrast agents are contraindicated (eg, in chronic kidney disease) or unavailable or when results are equivocal (eg, in renal insufficiency).
Factors affect perception of risk factors for stroke are education level and residence.
This is a recessive genetic disease related to gender, F8 gene is located on chromosome X. In patients with severe Hemophilia A, the common causative mutant is intron 22 (accounting for 45 - 50%), intron 1 inversion mutation accounts for about 5% and the rest are point mutations (45 - 50%).
2.3% stable disease and 7% progression.
Proper endotracheal tube depth should result in the tip of the tube being about halfway between the clavicles and the carina on chest x-ray, coinciding roughly with vertebral level T1-T2.
Commonly used antibiotics include 3rd-generation cephalosporins for S pneumoniae and N meningitidis Ampicillin for L monocytogenes Vancomycin for penicillin-resistant strains of S pneumoniae and for S aureus Table Table Table Corticosteroids Dexamethasone is used to decrease cerebral and cranial nerve inflammation and edema; it should be given when therapy is started.
Objectives: (1) To identify clinically significant drug interactions in outpatient prescriptions in Hue University of Medicine and Pharmacy Hospital, (2) To build a management guideline of clinically significant drug interactions in Hue University of Medicine and Pharmacy Hospital.
Finally, assess some quality indicators of instant tea and qualitatively identify the main groups of chemicals.
Results: The rate of HBsAg (+) 6%, and rates are already infected with hepatitis B virus 39% often sees in obstetric department, pediatrics and intensive care unit.
The analyte was completely separated and quantified with a PDA probe (230 nm detection wavelength) using a combination of 60% Methanol and 30% Acetonitrile and 10% Water as the mobile phase.
The most commonly reported comorbiditieswas hypertension (28.8%).
Early diagnosis, associated anomalies management and appropriate surgical treatment will provide the best opportunity for the patient to have good functional results.
Results: All SLNs emerged medially to the vagus nerve and 96% divided into internal (ISLN) and external (ESLN) branches distally from their origin.
46.7% of colorectal cancer with ascites has cytological evidence of peritoneal carcinomatosis, while all patients have SAAG<1.1g / dL.
We do research to help make the diagnosis timely.
Additional measures can include IV fluids Antiseizure drugs Treatment of concomitant infections Treatment of specific complications (eg, corticosteroids for Waterhouse-Friderichsen syndrome, surgical drainage for subdural empyema) Prevention of Acute Bacterial Meningitis Use of vaccines for H influenzae type B and, to a lesser extent, for N meningitidis and S pneumoniae has reduced the incidence of bacterial meningitis.
Results: No difference between the IVF children and controls was found in mean psychomotor development sores (103.18±7.7 versus 102.80±6.9) or any subscales on Brunet-Lézine scales.
Equipped with flexible endoscope and always ready to treat upper gastrointestinal foreign body is necessary.
For example, low serum calcium concentrations rarely occur in patients with large amounts of circulating calcitonin due to medullary carcinoma of the thyroid.
Tumors in pancreatic head accounted for 60.3%; in the body 24.1%, 96.6% of pancreatic cancer have a hypoechoic structure, heterogeneous ultrasound.
The mean of quality of life score in all domains were low comparable to that of a normal range.
Care and monitor of patients with central venous catheter
Repeat hepatectomy, not so many but recurrence is as the same at the first hepatectomy.
Thus, it often develops after laparotomy for severe abdominal injury accompanied by shock but may occur in conditions not primarily affecting the abdomen, such as severe burns, sepsis, and pancreatitis.
Conclusion: It is recommended to combine βhCG testing and transducer ultrasound in order to early ectopic pregnancy diagnosis.
COVID-19 During Pregnancy By Lara A Friel, MD, PhD, University of Texas Health Medical School at Houston, McGovern Medical School Reviewed / Revised Oct 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Diagnosis Treatment Prevention Key Points COVID-19 (coronavirus disease 2019) is caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2).
Conclusion: There were an altered left ventricular shape and cardiac structure and high prevalence percentage of pericardial effusion arccording to hypertensive classification and criteria for classifying in women with preeclampsia.
The case with longest placement time was due to the thin bile ducts wall resulting in tearing the bile duct which required suture repair and replacement.
The results of surgical treatment of acoustic neuroma by drilling the posterior wall of the internal auditory canal via the retrosigmoid suboccipital approach.
Treat all other children and adolescents with HIV infection as soon as issues of adherence are more fully assessed and addressed with the children and their caretakers.
This is not something that stays in your body very long, and the immune response that is generated is fairly quick and should settle down fairly quickly over several weeks, "Liu told Healthline.
After treatment: 25 patients (89.3%) were discharged from the hospital in stable condition, 3 patients (10.7%) died.
Total SNOT-22 score after intervention 3 months p<0.05, 6 months p<0.01.
The proportion of osteoporosis correlated with advancing age, and severity of COPD (Gold III, Gold IV) (p < 0.05).
Results: We analyzed 113 patients with mediastinal tumors resection by VTS (101 cases) VATS (12 cases).
The patient responded well to corticosteroids and was discharged after 16 days.
Surgical result of brainmetastases
Results: The proportion of exclusively breastfed infants in the massage group was higher than that in the control group (86% vs 66% in the first month, 94% vs 60% in the second month after birth).
The ideal treatment for Rosai-Dorfman disease is yet unestablished
Broken appointments are common; outreach and home visits by social workers and / or public health nurses may be helpful.
Detecting 3 common mutations that are common in Vietnam as well as in Southeast Asia are Cd17, Cd41/42 and Cd26.
Both cases had respiratory failure that necessitated respiratory support.
Interacting with other risk factors, hyperglycaemia might modulate immune and inflammatory responses, thus predisposing patients to severe COVID-19 and possible lethal outcomes.
Physical examination Examination includes Vascular and neurologic assessment distal to the injury Inspection for open wounds, deformity, swelling, ecchymoses, and decreased or abnormal range of motion Palpation for tenderness, crepitation, and gross defects in bone or tendon Examination of the joints above and below the injured area (eg, for the shoulder joint, the cervical spine and elbow) After fracture and dislocation are excluded (clinically or by imaging), stress testing of the affected joints for pain and instability If muscle spasm and pain limit physical examination (particularly stress testing), examination is sometimes easier after the patient is given a systemic analgesic or local anesthetic.
Individual doses in the range of 0.15 to 0.4 mg / kg are usually effective.
Objectives: To determine the quality of life of patients who had been diagnosed and treated of psoriasis at Hospital of Dermato-Venereology, HCMC from 01/09/2010 to 30/04/2011 Methods: Cross sectional correlational study.
Method: Total polyphenol content was determined by a colorimetric method.
Investigation, classification and response to malaria foci in malaria elimination in the central region, 2015-2018
The operating time ranged from 67 to 330 minutes (mean 180 minutes) in cluding: docking time: 20 minutes, surgeon console time 109 minutes.
- The most common symptom of abdominal pain is 96.5%; bloating is 70.2%; weight loss is 45.6%; Hematemesis and black stools were 8.8% and palpable abdominal tumors were 07%.
Results: There were 123 children with acute diarrhea hospitalized; the mean age was 23.38 ± 27.18 months, 92.7% of children under 5 years old.
Our research results in Table 3.4 show that skin injuries 19 (scratches, injuries) account for 20.77%.
Contemporaneous, it is necessary to focus on ensuring adequate nutrition for school-age children in ethnic minority areas.
Pathophysiology of Hallucinogen Intoxication LSD, psilocybin, and many designer hallucinogens are serotonin receptor agonists.
results showed a significant increase of artery diameter in delayed group compared with the control group, the difference was statistically significant at P<0.05.
Result: 45/45 patients suffered from gastric phytobezoars: Mean age was 61.4 years, Male: female rate was 1: 2, risk factors included dental problems, solid food.
After optimizing the process, the method was validated according to the guidelines for validation of bioanalytical methods of US-FDA and EMA.
Effect on the exhaled final CO2 concentration (EtCO2) All our patients were measured for the final CO2 concentration, the exhalation at the time after spinal anesthesia and sedation decreased.
Common reasons for hospital admission: abdominal pain (33.8%), hematochezia (31.2%).
Comprehensive geriatric assessment is most successful when done by a geriatric interdisciplinary team (typically, a geriatrician, nurse, social worker, and pharmacist).
A family history plus measurement of waist circumference and blood pressure are part of routine care.
Causes of hypoventilation (discussed under Ventilatory Failure) include Conditions that impair central nervous system (CNS) respiratory drive Conditions that impair neuromuscular transmission and other conditions that cause muscular weakness Obstructive, restrictive, and parenchymal pulmonary disorders Hypoxia typically accompanies hypoventilation.
The prevalence of PW having adequate knowledge on anemia prevention was 26.6%.
Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of laparoscopic treatment for hepatolithiasis over the last 5 years at Trung Vuong hospital.
[16], according to which L-T4 treatment does not seem to be able to improve the attention problems that had been found in the children with untreated SH.
Change of plasma concentrations of CYFRA 21-1, CEA and SCC among non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients at the Nuclear medicine and oncology center of Bach Mai Hospital
Reductions in normal immunoglobulin levels occur.
Name of thesis: Research on imaging characteristic and chest computed tomography value in assessing solitary pulmonary nodules larger thanh 8 mm diameter
Gastrointestinal complaints include abdominal pain and intermittent diarrhea and constipation.
Patients are monitored with a weekly CBC.
Background: Overcoming the obstacles of Class II restoration, especially the microleakage, is a polemic issue.
Clinical characteristics of covered anus and initial results of treatment
Activation, which may be caused by leakage of bacteria across the HIV-damaged colonic mucosa, is a strong prognostic predictor but is not used clinically because this test is not widely available and antiretroviral therapy changes the prognosis, making this test less important.
Method: Retrospective, cross-sectional. Results and conclusions: The prevalence of hemorhage disorders in pregnancy is not high, among which the thrombocytopenia is found the most (73.68%).
Intestinal metaplasia and helicobacter pylori infection in patients with chronic gastritis.
Obesity It is well known that a biochemical picture of isolated hyperthyrotropinemia may be observed in around 10 - 23% of obese children [25], a relative prevalence which is distinctly higher than that generally reported in the pediatric general population, i. e. 1.7% [13].
Objective: The goals of this study was to assess the intial results in term of safety and initial efficacy of flow diverters therapy for endovascular treatment of complex intracranial aneurysms at Cho Ray Hospital.
Proportion of patients with increased pulse pressure ≥ 60 mmHg was 45.3% before and 43.2% after hemodialysis session.
Methods: From November 2010 to January 2012, there were 56 patients with duodenal ulcer perforation stage through laparoscopy.
All patients underwent 18F-FDG PET / CT scan to look for recurrence / metastasis.
Oncological outcomes are good and comparable with those after Miles' procedure and low anterior resection.
Causes of ventilator associated pneumonia in children in the pediatrics intensive care unit in the National children hospital
Second-degree atrioventricular block (high grade) Every second P wave is blocked in this example of high-grade second-degree AV block.
This documentation can be used to support a legal case against the perpetrator.
Clinical outcomes were assessed using Oswestry Disability Index (ODI), Visual Analogue Scores (VAS) and Macnab.
Conclusions: The findings showed a high proportion of participants satisfied with medical services at commune health centers in Thua Thien Hue province while suggested several points to improve the medical services and increase the patient satisfaction.
The levels of bictegravir fall too much due to the presence of inducer effect of rifampin / rifabutin and predispose to the risk of HIV viral failure (see Guidelines for the Use of Antiretroviral Agents in HIV-1-Infected Adults and Adolescents: Drug-Drug Interactions); thus, interactions should always be checked before any new drug is started.
Keywords: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), FibroScan, type 2 diabetes, liver steatosis, liver fibrosis.
When parents leave the home (or leave the child at a child care center), they can try the following strategies: Encouraging the person caring for the child to create distractions Leaving without responding at length to a child's crying Remaining calm and reassuring Establishing routines at separations to ease the child's anxiety Feeding the child and letting the child nap before parents leave (because separation anxiety may be worse when a child is hungry or tired) If the parents must momentarily go to another room in the home, they should call to the child while in the other room to reassure the child.
In 2018, the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) charged a company marketing and selling the Myers' cocktail and other IV vitamin and mineral infusions of making "deceptive and unsupported health claims" about the ability of these infusions to treat such diseases as cancer, multiple sclerosis, diabetes, fibromyalgia, and heart failure.
Manifestations tend to diminish with age, but adolescents and adults may have residual difficulties.
Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors All patients with HFrEF should be given oral ACE inhibitors unless contraindicated (eg, by plasma creatinine > 2.8 mg / dL [> 250 micromol / L], bilateral renal artery stenosis, renal artery stenosis in a solitary kidney, or previous angioedema due to ACE inhibitors).
Evaluation to effective treatment of acute lymphoblastc leukemia in children
A diffuse precordial lift occurs with severe MR because the LA enlarges, causing anterior cardiac displacement, and pulmonary hypertension causes right ventricular hypertrophy.
P statistically significant <0.05.
Patients may experience recurrent, profuse nosebleeds.
To assess the severity of bleeding ulcerative colitis using the SCCAI score.
Conclusions: There was correlation between serum Copeptin concentration with severity of acute stroke patients.
Income > 4 million / month had the rate of 76.5%, the income group < 4 million / month had the satisfaction rate of 34.9%.
(See the American College of Gastroenterology's 2021 clinical guideline for the management of IBS)
The symptoms of "Khau nhan oa ta" are easily seen in peripheral facial paralysis.
In addition, although the data are not enough, the incidence of asthma is increasing in developing and industrialized countries.
The only one conversion to standard laparoscopy reported the high feasibility of this technique.
All patients had severe AV valve regurgitation.
Some aspects of the treatment of generalized epilepsy in children of 6 - 15 years old
In about one third of cases, the cause cannot be determined.
Keywords: continuous renal replacement therapy, acute heart failure.
Prevalence of acquired factor, old age are 39%, prolonged immobility are 19%, congestive heart failure are 19%, cancer are 16%, surgery are 16%, oral contraceptives are 8%.
Standardised protocol for genetic examination of colorectal cancer in the youth by next generation sequencing
In patients with stage IV disease and sensitive EGFR mutations (ie, deletion exon 19, exon 21 L858 mutation), EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) may be given as first-line therapy; response rates and progression-free survival are better than those obtained using standard chemotherapy.
Treat increased ICP usually with rapid sequence intubation, ICP monitoring, sedation, maintenance of euvolemia and normal serum osmolality, and sometimes surgical interventions (eg, CSF drainage, decompressive craniotomy).
When ventilatory failure is due to increased load, signs include vigorous use of accessory ventilatory muscles, tachypnea, tachycardia, diaphoresis, anxiety, declining tidal volume, irregular or gasping breathing patterns, and paradoxical abdominal motion.
In Vietnam, there has not been much research on left ventricular dyssynchronyby Gated-SPECT and no research has evaluated the relationship between dyssynchrony on Gated-SPECT and clinica l and ultrasonic synchronous Tissue Doppler imaging.
The rate of independent elbow flexion recovery was 68.75% (33/48) among M4 group.
For patients with accompanying GERD, therapy with a proton pump inhibitor should be considered.
Dengue virus antigens isolated from Dengue infected cases in some central provinces of Vietnam.
Regular follow-up ratio was 92.6%, lost ollow-up 2 cases.
Evaluation includes a thorough history and standard neurologic examination.
Research indicated that astaxanthin extract was obtained Rhodosporidium sp.
In this study we evaluate the feasibility and efficacy of IOUS in hepatic resection for HCC.
Conclusion: Trans-thoracic wall biopsy is a procedure that is relatively easy to do, but has high diagnostic effectiveness and practical application.
Key Points Low back pain affects 50% of adults > 60.
Result: The Demodex prevalence of patients having skin face examination at Danang Hostpial of Dermatology and Venereology is 29, 1%.
They were diagnosed usually at the time of appendectomy or based on pathologic examination of specimens and could sometimes be perforated and lead to localized abscess.
On single factor analysis, history from 2 previous acute respiratory tract infection, inadequate vaccination of Hib and / or measles, smoke inhalation, lack of breast milk, low birth weight were associated with fatality, but on multivariate analysis, it is not relevant (p > 0.05).
Conclusions: The regular diagnosis of pleural tuberculosis is too late and difficult.
Objectives: The aim of this study is to investigate the prevalence of PIP in elderly patients at Medical center in Thoi Binh district and factors associated with the occurrence of PIM and PPO. In addition, the study also evaluates the efficacy of pharmacy intervention on improvement of PIM and PPO.
CT scan is useful when a deep abscess or Crohn disease are suspected.
They can occur more often during times of stress or even when the child has seen a movie or television program containing frightening content.
Ultrasound for vascular disease: severe stenosis of carotid artery in one side: 6 cases and 2 sides 1 case: 50% and 90%.
Author: Nguyen Cong Khan, Le Danh Tuyen, Pham Van Hoan, Tran Xuan Ngoc, Truong Hong Son Tạp chí DD&TP / Journal of Food and Nutrition Sciences - Tập 1 - Số 1 - Tháng 12 / Vol. 1 - No. 1 - December - Năm 2005 / Year 2005.
CLINICAL FEATURES OF PATIENTS WITH AMITRIPTYLINE POISONING TREATED AT POISON CONTROL CENTER OF BACH MAI HOSPITAL Objective: The aim of the study was to assess the clinical features of acute amitriptyline poisonings at Poison Control Center, Bach Mai hospital.
We have successfully treated 17/18 cases (TH) (94.4%).
Background: The six-minute walk test is an easy, simple test used to evaluate the intervention in cardiovascular diseases.
Author: Ha Thi Anh Dao, Le Hong Dung, Nguyen Van Sy, Nguyen Thuy Dung, Pham Thanh Nga Tạp chí DD&TP / Journal of Food and Nutrition Sciences - Tập 9 - Số 2 - Tháng 6 / Vol. 9 - No. 2 - June - Năm 2013 / Year 2013.
Khẩu phần của HS cả nam và nữ chỉ đáp ứng khoảng trên 70% NCKN (nam đáp ứng 76, 5% và nữ-71, 9%).
Magnetic Resonance Imaging MRI has a relatively limited role in pulmonary imaging but is preferred over CT in specific circumstances, such as assessment of Superior sulcus tumors Possible cysts Lesions that abut the chest wall In patients with suspected pulmonary embolism in whom IV contrast agents cannot be used, MRI can sometimes identify large proximal emboli but usually is limited in this disorder.
The inhibitory percentage of nucleation was determined by spectrophotometer at 620 nm, whereas the growth assay was evaluated by measuring of sample in 600 seconds at wavelength 214 nm.
Results: Cosmetics and the family's patient are satisfied with surgical methods.
To reduce recurrence rate, surgeons often prefer using an adjuvant, such as thermal heat (provided by the hardening of polymethyl methacrylate) or an argon beam, or treating the tumors chemically with phenol or freezing with liquid nitrogen (cryotherapy).
The correlation between VEA - PDS and FFR was statistically significant (r = - 0, 33, p = 0, 0001).
The rate of health workers having correct practice on prenatal check-up steps and asking steps ranged from 68.2% to 94.3%.
Progestin - only OCs may cause irregular bleeding and must be taken at the same time every day to be effective.
Keywords: walk-in blood donation, knowledge, attitude
Physical therapy with lumbar stabilization exercises may be helpful.
Palbociclib or Ribociclib combined with ET is an effective therapeutic regimen for HR+ / HER2 - ABC, particularly in the first-line, and AEs were manageable.
There were no notes of injury to adjacent anatomical structures.
English summary: Product labeled pure fresh milk, which was supplemented with reconstituted milk is great concern in the dairy industry of recent times.
CNS Sydenham chorea, the form of chorea that occurs with ARF, manifests in the CNS as hyperperfusion and increased metabolism in the basal ganglia.
If bladder function is not fully restored, maneuvers to augment voiding are used.
Other less well-defined defects in mitochondrial function exist.
Episcleritis and scleritis usually result from immune-mediated disease, although infection is possible with scleritis.
The results' assessment included union, range of motion of digit by total active motion (TAM), grip strength, residual deformities and complications.
So, 4 factors (age, ulcer size, score of full Rockall scale and Blatchfort) play roles in predicting risk of recurrent gastrointestinal bleeding.
Recent (ie, within the last 3 months) corticosteroid injection into same site (although no evidence has evaluated this practice) Coagulopathy is not a contraindication (1).
The reference value of normal Hcy concentration is 5 - 12 μmol/l.
- The results of this thesis have been contributing effectively to the diagnosis, management and treatment of patients and carriers of hemophilia, providing counseling to patients and carriers in time to prevent serious complications in order to improve the life quality for hemophilia patients and their relatives.
This diagnosis is suggested by a family history of erythrocytosis; it is established by measuring the P50 (the partial pressure of oxygen at which hemoglobin becomes 50% saturated) and, if possible, determining the complete oxyhemoglobin dissociation curve.
If tissue damage is severe, tissue pressure is monitored (see Compartment Syndrome: Diagnosis, How To Measure Compartment Pressure in a Forearm, and How To Measure Compartment Pressure in the Lower Leg).
Numerous microdeletion syndromes have been identified, with widely varying manifestations ().
Pain lingering more than a few seconds indicates pulp damage (eg, irreversible pulpitis).
Vaccinia—Generalized Generalized vaccinia is diffusely distributed vaccinial lesions caused by hematogenous spread of the vaccinia virus after vaccination.
Two negative TOAEs measurements between 1 month were followed by Automate Auditory Branstem Response to eliminate profound hearing loss and Auditory Brainstem Response to evaluate hearing threshold.
It indicates average glucose levels over the preceding 6 to 8 weeks.
Sulfonamides available for topical use include silver sulfadiazine and mafenide burn cream, sulfanilamide vaginal cream and suppositories, and sulfacetamide ophthalmic.
To evaluate the results of laparoscopic for low rectal cancer by Schiessel. R type at Thanh Nhan hospital from June 2017 to March 2022.
Keywords: Recurrent achalasia, pneumatic dilation, pneumatic dilatation, laparoscopic Heller myotomy
The infection rates of HBV or HCV are 3, 8%, 37, 2% respectively, the co-infection rates of HBV, HCV is 1, 3%.
The results show that the seed of Persea Americana extract had the strongest AChE inhibitory activity and antioxidant effect, followed by the leave extract, and the exocarp extract and mesocarp extract were the weakest.
Conclusion: The patients were all mild fever hemorrhagic dengue, clinical and paraclinical symptoms were variable, but the most common are fever, rapid heart rate, positive tournique test, myalgia, arthralgia, cold hands and feet, cutaneuos hemorrhage, mild thrombocytopenia and increased hematocrit, mild anemia.
Multiple lesions, diffuse involvement, and lymph node disease are treated locally with 10 to 20 Gy of radiation therapy and chemotherapy.
Methods: a cross-sectional study included 30 RA patients with moderate to high disease activity (DAS28 ≥3.2 - MHD group) and 30 patients with RA having low disease activity (DAS28<3.2 - LD group).
The types that affect the anogenital region are usually transmitted sexually by vaginal or anal intercourse, but digital, oral, and nonpenetrative genital contact may be involved.
As soon as the preliminary results are known (usually within 12 hours), they should be communicated to the parents.
49.5% moderate exacerbation of COPD.
Gonioscopic results of 94 normal subjects were evaluated with Shaffer classification.
Topical cyclosporin A eye drops are overall less effective but are helpful if corticosteroid drop use is limited by adverse effects.
Objective: The comparison of efficacy and side effects of prophylaxis antibiotics of single dose Doxycycline 200mg in the first-trimester induced abortion compared with current treatment antibiotics of Doxycycline 200mg daily for five days.
Objective: To related clinical and histological in patients with Lupus nephritis.
Results: 62 patients with hypertension, 94% is grade II, men than in women, mostly over 80, there is a risk factor for lipid metabolism disorders, 35% had associated diabetes.
In constrast, T Score reduced in the fracture patient.
Results: The MRA and surgery were in agreement in 73% cases having labral tears.
Patients are encouraged to cooperate to avoid a struggle.
If topical anesthetic drops (eg, proparacaine) abolish pain in a red eye, the cause is probably a corneal disorder.
If the focus is in the anteromesial temporal lobe, resection eliminates seizures in about 60% of patients.
Postoperative mean (SD) vertical palpebral fissure height of 6.9 ± 1.1 mm from levator resection group was not statistically different with postoperative mean vertical palpebral fissure height of 5.8 ± 1.9 mm from sling group.
Cause is unknown, although certain gene mutations have been associated with the disorder.
An ophthalmologist can differentiate them because the small pupil in Horner syndrome does not dilate after instillation of an ocular dilating drop (eg, 10% cocaine).
However, more often than not, children and adolescents have symptoms and problems that cut across diagnostic boundaries.
Vitamin D defiency and related factors on women 15 - 49 years old on Hanoi and Haiduong 2007.
Test is performed by dropping plasma, urine or fluid from bitten site on the test kit. The result is observed after 20 minutes with the sensitivity of 88% and specificity of 100%.
So, even in high-grade blunt liver injury, if the patient had stable hemodynamics and contrast extravasation signs on MSCT, conservative management combined with TAE has potentially high success rate and helps to avoid an emergency surgery which is often challenging.
Other manifestations depend on the size and shape of the foreign body, its duration in situ, and the presence of infection or perforation.
The mean age was 49 in which 62% was male, 73 (62, 9%) presented duodenal ulcer, 28 (24, 1%) gastric ulcer and 15 (13%) simultaneous gastric and duodenal ulcers.
Hemorrhagic shock can occur with rupture.
Antibiotic treatment Although poststreptococcal inflammation is well developed by the time ARF is detected, a 10-day course of oral penicillin or amoxicillin, or a single injection of benzathine penicillin, is used to eradicate any lingering organisms and prevent reinfection.
All fungal infections tend to thrive in moist conditions, so avoid shoes and socks that make your feet sweat.
Results: Twenty patients (55.6%) showed a good clinical outcome (mRS ≤2); the death rate was 16, 7%.
Result and conclusion: The proportion of patients with hepatomegaly, HCV infection gradually increased with groups of increasing blood transfusion units and the rate of HBV infection remains unchanged in blood transfusion groups.
The postoperative recurrent rate was 3.6%.
Calcium content in intake, feace and urine were analyzed by Atomic Absorption Spectrophotometer.
The prognosis for infants with jejunoileal atresia is very good with > 90% survival.
Objectives: To evaluate the outcomes of ureteroscopic Holmium-laser lithotripsy for ureteric calculi in Bac Giang General Hospital.
Serious adverse events occurred in 1.5% of study subjects in the 15 mcg dose group and 3.8% in the placebo group.
Relationship between the maxillary sinus floor and posterior teeth using cone-beam computed tomography images
To describe clinical, subclinical characteristics of urinary tract infections in children with VUR at the Vietnam National Children's Hospital.
The logistic multivariate regression model tests some factors related to results of breast ultrasound in women are family history of breast cancer (OR = 6.04; 95% CI 1.47 - 24.77; p=0.012) and have a benign tumor (OR = 2.94; 95% CI 1.46 - 5.88; p=0.002).
Patients should be asked about risk factors for causes.
Complications of Cardiac Catheterization The incidence of complications after cardiac catheterizations ranges from 0.8 to 8%, depending on patient factors, technical factors, and the experience of the operator.
In Vietnam: the authors have found a decrease in body temperature and diabetes mellitus, organ functions deteriorated after 36 hours of brain death.
Many researchers postulated the potential of these drugs, especially antidepressants, to enhance gastrointestinal symptoms, improve the quality of life and reduce psychosocial stress.
- Seafarers' living conditions are much more difficult than on land; The cultural and spiritual life is very difficults as lacking information from the mainland, the mono sex-only micro-social environment, and stress wach keeping activities... are the causes of psychological stress; - Unbalanced diet, lack of green vegetables, fiber; excess of fat, protein, sugar, bad habits in daily life (100% of seafarers drink alcohol at different levels; 56.5% a seafarer smokes cigarette; 51.25% of a seafarer does not have any physical training on board.)
Methods: Sixty patients undergoing inguinal hernia repair at Ho Chi Minh University Medical Center were randomized into group TAP block with 20ml levobupivacaine 0.25% (n = 30) and control group (n = 30).
All types of undernutrition are related to protein and energy deficiency at different levels.
The follow-up period was 8 months (ranging from 6 to 14 months).
ABO incompatibility may cause hemolysis by a similar mechanism.
A retrospective of 73 patients with rectal cancer of Dukes B And C were treated with radical surgery following by postoperative radiotherapy in Ho Chi Minh City Cancer Hospital from 1/1993 to 12/2000.
Other measures Asymptomatic patients who are not pregnant, have no known heart disorders, and who have had only brief exposure to household current usually have no significant acute internal or external injuries that would necessitate admission and can be discharged.
Results: Male patient, 63 years old, clinical manifestations have large erythrocyte anemia, chromosome has del5q.
Lesions appear as bluish to violaceous macules, plaques, or tumors.
A physical examination should include a focused musculoskeletal and neurologic examination.
Conclusion: The age of patient, the weight of BPH, the operative time, the relative diseases, experiences of surgeons and the equipments were the important effects that affected to operative results.
Result 3: Mothers suffering from postpartum depression need social supports including having money to pay for life, an assistant to take care of their children and a job as well as being provided with enough childcare knowledge.
Certain Gut Bacteria Tied to Lower Risk of Diabetes.
They have seen that a receptor for stress hormones appears to undergo a biological change in the unborn child if the mother is highly stressed, for example, because of a violent partner.
Conclusions: Anesthetic management was contributing to the initial success of scoliosis surgery in children's hospital 2.
Scaffolds were shaping by surgery blade with 1 cm diameter and 1 mm thickness.
For example, they may misinterpret an offer of help as implication that they are unable to do the task on their own.
Clinical pregnancy rate in 5% oxygen group was of 56, 97%, significantly higher than 40, 69% in 20% oxygen group.
Rasagiline inhibits the same enzymes as selegiline.
Nearby lymph nodes may be enlarged, firm, and nontender.
Hypertrophic scars evaluated after 3 months was 31.91%, by the 12th month, it decreased to 19.1%.
1 patient died after 4 years treatment due to relapse.
Adamantinoma Adamantinoma is rare (< 1% of malignant bone tumors) and most often develops in the tibia.
Diagnosis of Kaposi Sarcoma Biopsy Diagnosis of Kaposi sarcoma is confirmed by punch biopsy.
Study on the reducing in postprandial glycemia of Co Sua tea (Euphorbia hirta L) in type 2 diabetic patients
LIVING ART ENTERPRISES, LLC / SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY Ankle Fracture of Both Malleoli This ankle fracture involves the medial malleolus (of the tibia) and lateral malleolus (of the fibula).
Pattern 2 (transient respond) Eleven neonates (22%) responded to the initial trial of iNO, but failed to sustain this response over 24 hours.
There was no patient required occipitocervical fusion after tumor resection.
The dietary fiber in two groups was similar and lower than the recommended allowance.
All the X-rays and CT images were independently reviewed by 2 radiologists with more than 10 years experience in chest imaging, blinded to the correlation between the X-ray and CT images for each patient to avoid the subsequent bias in the corresponding scoring system.
Keywords: Lipid-lipoprotein disorders.
The blood pressure control rate in post-stroke patients was approximately 57.4%, systolic and diastolic BP control was about 60.6%, and 81.9% respectively.
Symptoms and Signs of Fragile X Syndrome People with Fragile X syndrome may have physical, cognitive, and behavioral abnormalities.
Some symptoms with statistical difference happened most often at male more than female like eye strain (almost 35% compared to 18, 2%), tiredness (56% compared to 45%), dizzness (46, 5% compared to 27, 8%), shoulder paini (24, 4% compared to 17, 2%).
Vision decreases as the macula becomes increasingly involved and can evolve to legal blindness.
Frequencie, proportions, and means were calculated and analyzed by χ2, McNemar, Mann-Whitney and Wilcoxon tests.
Diagnosis of Hamstring Strain Clinical evaluation The diagnosis is confirmed by finding hamstring pain with knee flexion against resistance as well as on palpation of the posterior thigh.
Amongst the small number of patients in the study, they found a trend towards lower C peptide and insulin levels in those who had severe AP (compared to mild disease); however, they also found an increase in C peptide and insulin levels in those who developed DM in general [16].
Results: The series included 17 neurinoma (47, 2%), 8 Schwannoma (22, 2%), 5 meningioma (13, 9%), 2 neurofibroma (5, 6%), 2 cyst (5, 6%), 1 hemangioblastoma (2, 8%) and 1 cavernoma.
Because lymphatics of the nasopharynx communicate across the midline, bilateral metastases are common.
This result is similar to some other studies such as: Gubensek et al (2009) in 50 patients with hyperglycemic pancreatitis treated with PEX, in total 79 times of PEX, each patient was performed 1 to 5 times.
Results: 34 patients in which 14 benign tumors and 20 malignant tumors.
In the tumors with lymphavascular invasion, high-grade Bd was 35.6%, which was 1.5 times higher than that in the group without lymphatic infiltration of 22.5% (p<0.05).
Patients with severe cutaneous radiation injury have severe pain and often require surgical intervention.
Conclusion: Stage III of HE accounted for the majority and often presented with many symptoms at the same time.
Bedside teaching-learning methods include: - Short courses: ward round.
Associated bone marrow dyserythropoiesis results in inadequate compensatory erythropoiesis.
There are 3 steps: One pupil is maximally constricted by being exposed to light from the penlight for 1 to 3 seconds.
The secondary outcomes included serious adverse events of PVB and other adverse effects of 2 groups.
Results: There were 39 bleeding vessels identified on DSA in total.
Two cases of co-infection Acinetobacter baumannii and Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and One case of Acinetobacter baumanii and Staphilococcus aureus.
AML also may occur as a secondary cancer after chemotherapy or radiation therapy for a different type of cancer.
However, an equally important parameter is tension time, which is the total duration of lifting and lowering the weight during one set.
By following spirometry of 78 smoking workers with mean pack-year 11.1 from a battery manufacturing factory in Hochiminh City 3 times in 2 continuous years in our research, we found that airway obstruction was happened in 21.8%; 21.8% and 24.4% of cases at first, second and third time examination.
Objective: Determining the prevalence of low birth weight (LBW) and related factors in Cu Chi District from Sep, 2007 to Feb, 2008.
Supine versus prone position in percutaneous nephrolithotomy: a comparative study
Subject and method: A cross-sectional study was performed on 42 severe patients at Infectious Intensive care unit in 108 Military Central Hospital from July 2017 to October 2017.
Health needs and choice of health services of people in 12 district, hô chi minh city
Such findings can make it difficult to distinguish perforation from worsening of the underlying disorder or lack of response to treatment.
Start high-flow 100% oxygen and initiate transport to a recompression chamber if gas embolism is suspected.
Background: Procalcitonin (PCT) is a specific biomarker about the situation of bacterial infection.
Anxiety and related factors in lecturers at universities in Ho Chi Minh city
Cardiac marker testing can be used as an adjunct to other testing if PE is suspected or proven.
Results: The proportion of condom usage use among inregular customers was 58.1%, regular customers were 34.5%, regular partners was 21.3%, and inregular partners was 40.3%.
Methods and materials: Retrospective study of 36 craniopharyngioma cases diagnosed at Cho Ray Hospital from January 2008 to December 2010 with imaging and histopathological data.
Intervention on O.S.H awareness and cleaning respiratory for male workers in Tam Diep Cement Company
Conclusions: The nursing care of patients undergoing trans-sphenoid pituitary adenoma surgery has achieved good results, contributing to the overall success of the surgery, however, it is necessary to pay more attention to the counseling and health education for patients to promote comprehensive patient care.
Results of motor function recovery following knee surgery 3, 6 and 12 months significantly improved compared with before surgery.
Results: The rate of underweight children is 39.3%, stunting: 47.3% and wasting: 18.3%.
Male / Female ratio is the same between two groups.
But that's as close as social psychologists have gotten to figuring out why, as social critic Caitlin Flanagan recently wrote, it is the cheerleaders and not the linebackers who come down with tics and stuttering.
Detected impact factors included gender, living location, first-time treatment and monthly household income.
Early complication rate: 32, 6%.
Trung Vuong Hospital has treated for two cases of rupture of the esophagus after vomiting strong.
How To Apply a Long Arm Splint By Miranda Lewis, MD, University of Washington Reviewed / Revised Jul 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Indications Contraindications Complications Equipment Positioning Step-by-Step Description of Procedure Aftercare Warnings and Common Errors Tips and Tricks Topic Resources How To Apply a Long Arm Splint Long arm splints are devices applied for elbow and proximal forearm injuries in order to limit flexion and extension of the elbow.
Background: there are many stabilizers as lithium salt, valproate, carbamazepine prescribed for bipolar patients in the world, but only valproate is applied in Vietnam, based on literature.
Study on partial laryngectomy of tucker for laryngeal cancer
The rate of reoperation was 14%.
Findings: We had 127 patients with males being predominant (86.61%) and the mean age of 63.03 ± 8.86.
Methods: 100 patients were randomly assigned into 2 groups, each group 50 patients. .Group Glucose: Patients were infused with Glucose 5% solution. .Group Lactat: Patients were infused with Lactat Ringer solution.
And so the current authors, with the Diabetes Research in Children Network (DirecNet), a multicenter National Institutes of Health-funded consortium, extended the work and is the longest longitudinal study of its kind.
Objectives: To determine the frequency of medical adverse events that occurred in Trung Vuong hospital from 2017 to 2018 and the percentage of types of medical errors.
Life expectancy at all ages has had a major improvement and will certainly have a large eco-societal impact on every country.
Our digestive processes, in particular, are optimized for a situation that is dramatically dissimilar to the one we find ourselves in.
Objective: This study aimed to assess mortality of paraquat poisoned patients at Poison Control Center of Bach Mai hospital.
The examiner flexes the patient's knee 90 ° and rotates the lower leg while pressing the lower leg downward toward the knee (compression), then rotates the lower leg while pulling it away from the knee (distraction).
During this procedure, the top of the stomach is wrapped around the distal esophagus to help tighten the lower esophageal sphincter.
It is diagnosed much more often in men than women.
Kidney exchange programs often match a prospective donor and recipient who are incompatible with other similar incompatible pairs.
State laws vary greatly regarding scope and applicability of living wills.
Pathological diagnosis showed that large polyp in the rectum are adenocarcinoma invading the smooth muscle layer; other polyps are typical Peutz-Jeghers polyps, with low-grade dysplasia.
Exclusively breastfed neonates should receive pyridoxine 1 to 2 mg / kg orally once a day.
Background: Chronic arterial occlusion of lower limb is a quite common disease, the main cause is atherosclerosis.
ABTS + free radical capture of astaxanthin extract with IC50 value of 14.83 µg / ml is equivalent to vitamin C and BHA 14.33 and 14.43 respectively, the reduction capacity of the astaxanthin extract 25 µg / ml is 1.28 times higher than vitamin C control 1.16 times higher than BHA.
The response to a change in the intake will depend upon an individual's starting nutritional status.
Fad diets Some fad diets result in vitamin, mineral, and protein deficiencies; cardiac, renal, and metabolic disorders; and sometimes death.
Follow - up period ranged from 6 months to 3 years.
A few cases of ectopic GHRH-producing tumors, especially of the pancreas and lung, also have been described.
The SCID patient who had absence of thymus, atrial septal defect and secondary HLH after fungal infections was dead after 1 month of treatment.
Factors that may, for unknown reasons, be protective include oral contraceptives, pregnancy, and tobacco, including smokeless tobacco and nicotine - containing tablets.
Some studies have proven that TM has both beneficial effects on the kidneys and nephrotoxic (modern medicine).
For women at risk, deliver slowly and without unnecessary interventions.
Both short-acting and long-acting liquid preparations are now available.
Specific treatment Corticosteroids (eg, prednisolone 40 mg / day orally for 4 weeks, followed by tapered doses) may improve outcomes in patients who have severe acute alcoholic hepatitis (Maddrey discriminant function ≥ 32) and who do not have infection, gastrointestinal bleeding, renal failure, or pancreatitis (1).
Acid-suppressing therapy should be started if the patient is not already receiving it.
Whether patients who have preeclampsia without severe features always require magnesium sulfate before delivery is controversial.
During induction course, thrombocytopenia state is more severed, especially after two weeks time when platelet is lower than 50G / L in 100% patients.
Objectives: Applying the genetic sequencing technique to detect point mutations in APC gene in patients who had been diagnosed to have FAP and in mutation carriers.
Methods: 267 subjects aged 20 - 60 years were recruited to collect variables of body composition by Body Composition Analyzer, TANITA MC-180MA, Japan.
In major impact injuries, hemorrhage and edema due to a facial fracture may compromise the airway.
For old children, they contracted milder diseases so they were treated at home or at the health station and paticipated in the study.
Thesis title: Research patients characteristics and KRAS mutation in colorectal cancer at K hospital Code: 62720149; Degree sought: Doctor of Oncology.
One of the first effective surgical options for presbyopia correction involved producing what is known as monovision during LASIK.
Acute respiratory infections include sore throat, otitis media, sinusitis, laryngitis, tracheobronchitis, bronchiolitis, and pneumonia.
Lead concentration exceeded the permitted limit in 2/30 domestic product samples and 1/30 imported samples.
Metastatic cystic squamous cell carcinoma in the neck: clinical - cytopathologic correlation on 35 cases from 1999 to 2007 at hospital c da nang
Papillary carcinoma comprised of many entities which has many morphology. The predominantly papillary architecture appear more common in papillary carcinoma than intraductal papillary, the broad papillary architecture appear equally in both 2 groups, intraductal papilloma contain apocrine cells more than papillary carcinoma.
Conclusion: Erlotinib with high efficacy and low toxicity helps broadening the number of non small cell lung cancer patients able to be treated with a better result.
Results: All 07 cases of RAL UUT reconstruction had good clinical and radiographic improvement without any significant complication (over grade I of Clavien Dindo classification).
Nummular dermatitis is not flexural, and lichenification is rare.
Endovascular embolization of symptomatic and asymptomatic renal angiomyolipomas
Treatment of Hearing Loss in Children In addition to treatment of any cause and the provision of hearing aids, children with hearing loss require support of language development with appropriate therapy.
These are indicated for elective deliveries before 39 weeks when fetal heart tones, human chorionic gonadotropin levels, and ultrasound measurements cannot confirm gestational age and for nonelective deliveries between 34 weeks and 36 weeks.
Objectives: Endo-vascular intervention is trend and first choice treatment for arterio-venous fistular (AVF) failure due to its high success rate, minimal invasive advantage and potential lifespan-expending.
Outpatient treatment is an option if orbital cellulitis has been definitively excluded; children should have no signs of systemic infection and should be in the care of responsible parents or guardians.
X-ray findings are usually unremarkable, regardless of the cause.
The most common causes overall are the following: Gingival disorders or periodontal disease Smoking Ingested foods that have a volatile component Gastrointestinal disorders rarely cause halitosis, because the esophagus is normally collapsed.
Bupivacaine has a slightly slower onset (several minutes vs almost immediate) and a significantly longer duration (2 to 4 hours vs 30 to 60 minutes).
Vertigo and dizziness causes and risk factors of outpatients in a public hospital
Ongoing clinical trials aim to resolve emerging issues and provide clinicians with evidences for their appropriate treatment choices.
Emotional neglect is failure to provide affection or love or other kinds of emotional support.
Fixed airflow obstruction can occur in some patients who recover, but the abnormalities are usually of borderline clinical significance.
Infection is the most common cause of acute nontraumatic monarthritis in young adults, whereas osteoarthritis is the most common cause in older adults.
Because a positive result requires a large amount of antibody or antigen, sensitivity is low.
The COVID-19 vaccine that's been developed by Johnson & Johnson only requires one dose.
Analgesics are given.
Endovascular embolization of varicoceles using n-butyl cyanoacrylate (nbca) glue: an illustrative case report
PEU can cause amenorrhea in women and loss of libido in men and women.
Finger dislocations can be dorsal, lateral, or volar.
Ajai k. Malhotra used non-operative treatment for 560 LT patients, failure rate 7.5% Our failure rate of non-operative treatment is higher than almost other studies because ur doctors have no experience in LTs monitoring and resuscitation, many patients are afraid of missing lesions so when this patients have changing hemodynamics or abdominal puncture had non-coagulating blood, the doctor orders surgery.
Conclusion - Recommendation: It is necessary to increase vendors' knowledge of food safety and hygiene.
The urinary Albumin-to-Creatinine Ratio ≥ 18mg / g, with value lower than the current index, increased risk of target organ damage in hypertension.
A study at Tuyen Quang Provincial General Hospital was conducted on 300 patients gastrointestinal open post-operation, with the objectives: (1) describe levels of pain, insomnia and clinical symptoms after surgery by open laparotomy (2) analyzes the relationship between pain, insomnia, postoperative recovery and other factors.
Table Evaluation of Muscle Cramps Evaluation of muscle cramps focuses on recognition of what is treatable.
Table Pain may be exacerbated by movements that transmit pressure to the nerve root through the subarachnoid space (eg, moving the spine, coughing, sneezing, doing the Valsalva maneuver).
Background: Diagnosis in bacterial meningitis is also difficult medical problem because the positive rate of the culture of bacteria is low.
However, research needs to be done in the long run, using a greater number of patients with follow-up of 3 to 5 years to fully evaluate this group.
Importantly, we also try to compare this methodology with case study presenting method.
- 20 Gauge syringe needle; drug speed 3.5ml / s; Dosage: Xenetix content 350mg x 100ml (Iobitridol 76.78g, about with 35g iodine).
Electro-physiologic studies of uremic neuropathy in the patients with chronic renal failure
Treatment is symptomatic, but patients who are immunocompromised may benefit from IV immune globulin.
Ginsenosides rg1 and rb1 qualitative analysis in functional foods by thin layer chromatography
The extracellular matrix is overproduced, degraded deficiently, or both.
Ojective: to investigate some risk factors and clinical manifestations of CTS, and to grade CTS severity based upon EMG abnormalities.
Treatment based diet, frequent exercises and weight gain related to blood glucose (p<0, 05).
Background: Diabetes mellitus is a common endocrinologic disorder in children and may lead to acute complications, mostly occurring in type 1 diabetes mellitus, and chronic complications probably seen in all diabetic types, including type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Common manifestations may include arthralgias and arthritis, Raynaud syndrome, malar and other rashes, pleuritis or pericarditis, renal or central nervous system involvement, and autoimmune cytopenias.
Analysis of the current status of drug prescirption and interactions at the outpatient department (ODP) of Can Tho city cardiovascular hospital 2019.
All have RUQ and epigastic pain.
Results: The positive rate of anti-CCP in RA patients was 76.78% (43 / 56), significantly higher than that in non-RA patients (2.22%, 1/45) (χ2 = 55.86, P<0.001).
This study was to assess the HRQoL in elderly gout subjects in comparison with elderly patients without gout, and investigate the factors associated with HRQoL.
From July 2001 to June 2002, 68 patients with obstructive azoospermia were performed transrectal ultrasound and scrotal exploration accompanied with peroperative vasography.
Evaluation of reticulocyte hemoglobin content to monitor and treat anemia in chronic kidney disease on hemodialysis
The culprit left anterior descending arteries were 60% (3) found in the dominant left coronary artery as well as 40% (1) in coronary artery balance.
Pupils can be dilated using 1 drop of tropicamide 1%, phenylephrine 2.5%, or both (repeated in 5 to 10 minutes if necessary); for longer action, a larger dilated pupil, or both, cyclopentolate 1% can be substituted for tropicamide.
If treatment is decided upon, a 3-day course of trimethoprim / sulfamethoxazole, nitrofurantoin, or fosfomycin is recommended.
If ocular syphilis is diagnosed, CSF testing for neurosyphilis should be done.
- Group 2: including all STEMI patients who received TA but did not succeed during PPCI.
The study is to determine some trace elements in blood of malnourished children.
The research results show that: Students have a general positive attitude about online learning.
There is no correlations between age, gender, body mass index, allergic status, cigarette smoke exposure and inhaled corticosteroid response of the patient.
Consider vagal nerve stimulation or the responsive neurostimulation system if patients have medically intractable seizures and may not be candidates for neurosurgical procedures.
In time, new information may direct evaluation and management.
This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of polyethylene glycol 3350 and lactulose for the treatment of chronic functional constipation in children younger than six years old.
Subjects and methodology: Cross-sectional description of 127 cases of sciatica indicated MRI at Cho Ray Hospital and People's 115 Hospital from 9/2006 to 9/2007.
Nat Immunol 21 (8): 857 - 867, 2020. doi: 10.1038 / s41590 - 020 - 0705 - 6 Symptoms and Signs Onset of familial Mediterranean fever is usually between the ages of 5 and 15 years but may be much later or earlier, even during infancy.
Evaluation the result of thulium yag laser transurethral resection of non – muscle invasive bladder cancer combined with intravesical chemotherapy after operation
However, by causing symptoms and complications of sickle cell disease, the mutation also has harmful effects usually when present in the homozygous state.
Continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis in end stage renal failure at children’s hospital 2
Subjects and methods: A cross-sectional study from February to June 2019 on 142 endocarditis patients.
Intrathecal opioids are widely used as useful adjuncts to anesthesia during regional anesthesia, in the treatment of postoperative acute pain and chronic pain treatment.
Effect of lercanidipne in cerebral ischemic stroke with hypertension - result from 52 patients were taken 24 hours ambulatory blood pressure monitoring
Beta-delta-thalassemia is a less common form of beta-thalassemia in which production of both the delta chain as well as the beta chain is impaired.
Organizing a skilled and harmoneous laparoscopic team and improving the surgeon's competence are very important for gross success rate.
Therapeutic ultrasonography: Ultrasonography is sometimes used, but there is no good evidence of benefit or harm.
Knowledge, attitudes and practices related to dietof type 2 diabetic patients
Degree of lymphocytic infiltration, which represents reaction by the patient's immunologic defense system, may correlate with the level of invasion and prognosis.
Objectives: The aim of this study was to probe the binding capacity of the efflux pump inhibitors on NorA pump homology structure by using molecular docking model.
American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Clinical Practice Guideline for the Assessment and Treatment of Children and Adolescents With Anxiety Disorders: These guidelines summarize expert-based guidance about the psychosocial and psychopharmacologic treatment of anxiety and aim to enhance quality of care and clinical outcomes for children and adolescents.
The combination of two factors (TP53 gene codon 72 polymorphism and H pylori infection) was found to be associated with GC risk: The combination of Pro / Pro genotype and H pylori (+) was the GC risk factor, OR = 2.62 (95% CI: 1.20 - 5.71) as compared to other combinations.
Rotate the mirror from side to side with thumb and forefinger to bring lateral structures into view.
In some patients, elevating the foot causes loss of color and worsens ischemic pain; when the foot is lowered, venous filling is prolonged (> 15 seconds).
It is still unclear whether certain groups of patients with cardiac arrest will have improved neurologically intact survival with targeted hypothermia management rather than with maintaining normothermia (1, 2, 3, 4, 5).
Geometric Mean Titer of Day 43 as determined by the HAI and MN assay.
When patients first start walking, their feet may appear stuck to the floor, typically because patients do not shift their weight to one foot to allow the other foot to move forward.
Factors related to depression in patients with cervical cancer are economic conditions, duration of illness, stage of illness, chemotherapy or radiation therapy.
Because chronic acetaminophen toxicity can be difficult to diagnose, use of N - acetylcysteine should be considered if no cause for acute liver failure is evident.
The size of the pedicled deltoid flap has also been described by some authors, but the data are still very different.
If the pancreatic duct is not dilated, a variation of the modified Puestow procedure called a V-plasty or Hamburg procedure can be done.
Typically, patients have nasal stuffiness, discharge, and pain.
The prostate is exquisitely tender and focally or diffusely swollen, boggy, indurated, or a combination.
Ocular mucous membrane pemphigoid is an autoimmune disease in which binding of anticonjunctival basement membrane antibodies results in conjunctival inflammation.
Most heavy chain proteins are fragments of their normal counterparts with internal deletions of variable length; these deletions appear to result from structural genetic mutations.
The timing of the first flatus after the surgery was 48.6 ± 13.1 hours.
Electrolyte disorders after brain death: hypernatremia, hypokalemia, hypoglycemia, hypocalcaemia, hypophosphatemia.
The percentage of mothers having correct knowledge of postnatal care for their children is 28.19%.
Examples of Nail Deformities and Dystrophies Associated With Systemic Problems Koilonychia Characteristic spoon-shaped (concave) nail of a patient with iron-deficiency anemia.
If bleeding is severe or recurrent and no site is seen, fiberoptic endoscopy may be necessary.
The dissolution profiles of SP-SMEDDS were higher than that of the refenrence product in pH 1.2; pH 4.5 media and equal in pH 6.8 medium.
Adult T asiatica range in size from 4 to 8 meters.
There was conversional correlation of average level between erythroctes number and respiratory rate (r = - 0.5158; p < 0, 0001), concordance correlation of weak level betwwen leucocytes number and respiratory rate r = 0.3045; p = 0.0093).
Symptoms may progress from fever, weakness, malaise, and gastrointestinal symptoms to prostration with sore throat, cough, chest pain, and vomiting; sometimes to shock, delirium, rales, and pleural effusion; and occasionally to severe illness and shock.
Mean oxygen index (OI) dropped from 69.6 ± 6.1 to 19 ± 14.2 within 24 hours of iNO therapy (p = 0.05).
Scroll through the images CT of the same patient shows a multi-loculated cystic mass adjacent to the bladder, connected to the left ovarian vein (arrow).
Remove the catheter while patient is holding breath or expiring.
Cholestyramine can decrease absorption of ursodeoxycholic acid, so these drugs should not be given simultaneously.
Symptoms and Signs of Adjustment Disorders Symptoms of an adjustment disorder typically begin shortly after the stressful event and do not continue beyond 6 months after the stressor has stopped.
Allergic reactions were the second common complication (17%), mostly occurred from the 5th injection onwards.
Report a case of intussuscepted sigmoid colon into the rectum protruding from the anus, without rectal prolapse, and eventually large bowel obstruction.
Diagnosis is by measuring plasma glucose levels.
Intestinal injuries may occur, particularly in patients with posterior fractures.
Lung cancer divided into two groups: non-small cell carcinoma and small cell carcinoma.
After the first coital act, additional spermicide should be inserted into the vagina before each subsequent act.
Other testing should be done within hours or days, depending on the acuity and seriousness of findings and suspected causes.
Relative hypodense lesions in the delayed phase On the left the importance of the delayed phase in a cirrhotic patient with an HCC is demonstrated.
When circulation is increased, as occurs during pregnancy, anemia, and hyperthyroidism, a continuous venous hum is often heard in the right supraclavicular fossa; this venous hum also occurs normally in children.
In D4 - 6 and D7 - 10 albumin level was different in various clinical pictures (Dengue shock Conclusion: Plasma leakage may occur in severe Dengue infection or mild one. It may onset earlier and more persistently than before thought.
Practice: The proportion of people having right practice on hygiene and safety food was 8.23%.
Purpose: The purpose of the study was to determine the variables associated with postoperative bleeding after stapled hemorrhoidectomy. Methods: The study design was the longitudinal, interventional study.
The average blood loss was estimated higher in weighting and measuring way than the surgeon report (769g compared to 535g, P <0.001).
Lymphoid tissue, bone marrow, blood, and the testes, ovaries, and intestines are considered very radiosensitive; in adults the central nervous and musculoskeletal systems are relatively radioresistant.
Background: During the renovation process, Vietnam's Health System has made a lot of progress. The increase in the number of healthcare facilities has led to an increase in the amount of hazardous medical waste.
Shallow fishhooks have a different removal technique.
Medications that cause or risk ototoxicity are stopped if possible, but there is no specific treatment.
The most common typical symptom is low mood, the most common symptom is sleep disturbance.
It persists in circulation because human lactate dehydrogenase can metabolize only L-lactate.
The long-term risks of inhaled corticosteroids in older people are not proved but probably include osteoporosis, cataract formation, and an increased risk of nonfatal pneumonia.
Occupational Asthma By Abigail R Lara, MD, University of Colorado Reviewed / Revised May 2020 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Etiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Prevention Key Points Occupational asthma is reversible airway obstruction that develops after months to years of sensitization to an allergen encountered in the workplace.
The starting dose is 0.25 mg once a week for 4 weeks, increasing every 4 weeks to the maintenance dose of 2.4 mg once a week by week 17.
Symptoms and Signs of Epiglottitis In children with epiglottitis, sore throat, odynophagia, and dysphagia develop abruptly, often with no visible oropharyngeal inflammation.
Sometimes slightly different vaccines are used in the northern and southern hemispheres.
The indication will be enlarged if it can combine with The ESWL for the renal stones.
Methods: Descriptive cross-sectional study is conducted from 10/2019 to 05/2020.
5 Strain Rate: The strain rate (') represents the myocardial deformation rate.
Keywords: care givers, hand washing, nosocomial infection.
Subjects and methods: A case series descriptive study on 82 patients with simple extensor tendon injury, patients scheduled a follow-up visit after at least 6 months and evaluated the results according to Dargan's criteria.
Basic principles of counterpulsation IABP is a device to support mechanical circulation, placed through the femoral artery into the aorta by Seldinger technique; The balloon is inflated in the diastole (increased coronary artery perfusion, cerebral vascular) and rapid flushing in systole (reducing heart activity, reducing the need for 02 heart muscle and increasing cardiac output).
Clinical features of surgical patients group.
This also become challenge for health of the menopause persons and needs to be helped.
Results of screening transfusion - transmissible infections (ttis) in blood donor at vietduc hospital from 2010 to 2012
The purpose of the operation is to relieve the pressure in the carpal tunnel by dissecting the transverse ligament.
Any class Ia, Ib, Ic, II, or III antiarrhythmic drug can be used.
This strange case should not mislead you.
Keywords: hand hygiene, intervention, nurses
The purpose of this report was presented the diagnosis and treament of all adulte pulmonary sequestration at ChoRay hospital.
Background: Preoperative assessment of cirrhotic condition is an important factor for predicting prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma treatment.
Studying the situation of pain and quality of life in advanced cancer patients at hcmc oncology hospital
60.5% patients had stable hemodynamics when hospitalized.
Utility of narrow - band imaging endoscopy combined with CO2 laser endoscopic microsurgery in diagnosis and treatment of early stage hypopharyngeal and laryngeal carcinoma
Results: We detected point mutations in APC gene in 15 patients including 8 missense mutations (53.3%) and 7 nonsense mutations (46.7%): including 1 mutation of adding 1 nucleotide (6.7%), 2 replacement of one nucleotide (13.3%) and 4 patients with deletion from 1 to 5 nucleotides (26.7%).
Subjects and methods research: Cross-sectional have analysis conducted on 170 students at the Faculty of Nursing - Medical Technology, University of Medicine and Pharmacy HCM City, from 01/01/2014 to 31/06/2014.
If the diagnosis is still unclear, testing may include cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis (particularly to rule out meningitis, encephalitis, or subarachnoid hemorrhage), measurement of serum ammonia, and testing to check for heavy metals.
The mean diameter of lymphomas was 5 cm.
The late complications (38.81%) in a 2 - 4 year monitoring period were chest pain and dypsnea, only occurred after working more, but they didn't influence patient's activities significantly.
Method: The software's design was built on formulas of energy and nutrient requirement of burned patients at different ages.
TTE was limited in evaluating central portion of the left pulmonary artery, anomalous coronary artery and subarterial VSD.
Similar outbreaks occurred in convents during the Middle Ages.
A direct aspiration first pass technique (ADAPT) has been introduced as a rapid, simple method for achieving good recanalization and clinical outcomes using large bore aspiration catheters in the treatment of AIS due to large vessel occlusion (LVO).
The situations of giving birth more than twice of married women 15-49 years old at Phu Binh district in Thai Nguyen province
In a separate interview with this news organization, Karalyn Kinsella, MD, general pediatrician in a small group private practice in Cheshire, Conn., said, "What this report tells me is that COVID cases are more common when mask use is inconsistent in schools and at home and in schools that don't properly adhere to CDC guidelines.
When caused by overwearing contact lenses, keratitis is treated with discontinuation of the contact lens and an antibiotic ointment (eg, ciprofloxacin 0.3% four times a day), but the eye is not patched because serious infection may result.
Treatment of Medullary Sponge Kidney Control of complications (eg, UTI, renal calculi) Treatment is indicated only for UTIs and for recurrent calculus formation.
Results of preventing intervention 21 In the cross-sectional period, 265 children suffered from lead contamination, in which 261 people had the BLLs from 10 to 45 µg / dl and 4 people with above 45 µg / dl, consisted 157 and 108 children were found in Ban Thi and Tan Long.
And there was also a relationship with acne - follicle diseases. Conclusion: The prevalence of skin disease of workers of Ho Nai timber Company was: 83%.
Consider esophageal and stomach burns and do endoscopy, even if intraoral burns are absent.
Peripheral tumors are common in NF1 and can develop anywhere along the course of peripheral nerves.
Table 3.26; Table 3.27 shows the change of Na + blood concentration related to surgery time ≥60 minutes.
Keywords: health capacity, Thu Duc District hospital
A before-after intervention study without a control group was implemented at Thanh Nhan hospital from 2018 to 2020.
Method: A retrospective and prospective study without control on 45 patients who underwent internal osteosynthesis treatment of closed distal femus fracturefrom 1/2019 to 3/2021.
Current situation of heavy metal pollution in water and food in the coastal area of Thuy Nguyen district Hai Phong in 2017 - 2018 The high rate of samples with the concentration of HMs in water and food exceeding the permitted standards were detected: - 90% water, shrimp and snail samples had Pb concentrations higher than the permitted standards - 80% water and vegetable samples had higher concentrations of Cr than the permitted standards - 70% water, vegetable and seafood samples had higher concentrations of Cd than the permitted standards - 80% water samples and 38% vegetable samples had higher concentrations of As than the permitted standards 24 2.
The drug is administered subcutaneously every 2 to 4 weeks.
Divers should avoid holding their breath and breathe normally during ascent, which should be no faster than 0.15 to 0.3 m / sec (0.5 to 1 ft / sec), a rate that allows for gradual offloading of nitrogen and emptying of air-filled spaces (eg, lungs, sinuses).
Related factors of high stress status included: (1) personal relationships (having close friends or not, difficulty in relationships with friends, difficulty in social activities) and (2) factors related to study environement (academic stress; aspiration of retaking the enrollment examination of entering university, difficulty in finding reference documents for study, difficulty of approaching new learning methods). Conclusion: High stress situation was common among first year undergraduate.
Keyword: "Ba Mau" mangoes, ripeness, enzyme pectinase / hemicellulase, maltodextrin, spray drying.
The risk of arterial thrombosis is higher in small arteries (explaining the greater incidence in women) and with increased duration of catheterization.
Pathophysiology of AHRF ARDS ARDS is divided into 3 categories of severity: mild, moderate, and severe based on oxygenation defects and clinical criteria (see table Berlin Definition of ARDS).
Results: A 4-year-old girl presented to KhanhHoa hospital because of cloudy urine.
Fatigue in Thyroid Disorders
Conclusion: outcome depends on pre-operation neurological deficits.
The number of white blood cells and the lymphocytes which was high pretreatment, returned to normal after 6 coures.
A total of 53 Salmonella serovars were found, in which S Rissen, S Weltevreden, S London, S Anatum, S Typhimurium, and S Corvallis were the mots predominant prevalent.
2) To describe some characteristics of melioidosis patients in the North Central provinces after the floods in 2020.
Results: Patients with (GAD) are mostly female (55.9%), the common age is from 30 to 49 years old.
Practicing of hand washing of care givers, always perform hand washing is 59.2% up to 66.7%, and do not perform hand washing is 1.7% down to 0.8%.
Conclusion: The differences of dye penetration were not significant for 3 obtuartion techniques: continuous wave, cold lateral condensation, and monocone.
Often, patients present with elevated ESR or C-reactive protein, anemia due to chronic inflammation, elevated platelets, and low serum albumin.
To help identify the bleeding site (and possibly stop the bleeding), apply a vasoconstrictor / anesthetic mixture: Place about 3 mL of 4% cocaine solution or 4% lidocaine with oxymetazoline in a small medicine cup and soak 2 or 3 cotton pledgets with the solution and insert them into the nose, stacked vertically (or spray in a topical vasoconstrictor such as oxymetazoline and place pledgets containing only topical anesthetic).
There is some evidence that the incidence of choledochal cysts is increasing.
The rates of pregnant women and women of reproductive ages having basic knowledge on multi-micronutrient supplementation were 26.3% and 24.7%, respectively while the percentages of two groups using multi-micronutrient supplements were 47.4% and 45.6%, respectively.
Primary clinical outcome is major adverse cardiac events as a composite of nonfatal stroke, nonfatal myocardial and cardiovascular death.
Based on published data and scientific studies, Nhau is really a potential medicinal plant because of the variety of chemical components and biological activities that this medicinal herb brings.
In polycythemia vera, it is usually given starting at 10 mg orally twice a day and continued as long as response is occurring without undue toxicity.
This study aims to analyze antibiotics using in HAP patients at Kienan Hospital's ICU in 2020. The medical records of HAP patients from January to August 2020 were collected.
- During the hospital stay, the group with cardiovascular events had a higher concentration of H-FABP at admission than the group without cardiovascular events (p < 0.01).
Microfilariae mature to adult worms in the subcutaneous tissues of the human host; females are 40 to 70 mm long, and males are 30 to 34 mm long.
Prognosis is directly related to initial neurologic function after injury.
Risk depends on drug dose and duration of therapy.
Pregnancy infected with group B streptococcus would be given an antibiogram, then treated and monitored for labor according to regulations.
A neurologic examination is done to check for neurologic complications, and an ophthalmologic examination is done to check for eye complications.
Results: The prevalence of low serum zinc < 65 µg / dL, ferritin <15 µg / L, and copper <90 µg / dL were 21%, 2.1%, and 23.8%.
There is a high incidence of allergy in the shrimp and crab diets.
Periodic echocardiography is done to detect progression of MR Prognosis for Mitral Regurgitation Prognosis of mitral regurgitation varies by duration, severity, and cause.
Purpose: Among many causes of hypercholesterolemia, familial hypercholesterolemia is a dominant autosomal inherited disorder resulted from mutations of LDLR, APOB, and PCSK9.
There are no early symptoms or signs, but focal blurring, vitreous or retinal detachment, and partial or total vision loss eventually develop; rate of progression is highly variable.
In 386 old persons only 21.2% have regular health check up. In 183 old persons who did use health care service, most of them choose to use central level health care service (48.6%), only 19.7% choose to have health exam at commune health posts, 17.5% use private service and 7.7% use traditional medicine.
If pregnancies are ≥ 24 weeks and < 34 weeks (in some cases, < 37 weeks), give corticosteroids to accelerate fetal lung maturity.
[2] [4] [7] Some women may opt to undergo surgery or radioiodine ablation (RAI) to cure their Grave hyperthyroidism, especially in women with high TRAb titer or a history of fetal thyroid issues in a previous pregnancy.
The prostacyclin pathway is targeted by IV epoprostenol, a prostacyclin analog, which improves function and lengthens survival even in patients who are unresponsive to a vasodilator during catheterization (1).
Now the interesting is these creams are heavily advertised.
The study includes improvement for technical parameters, solvents selection, production temperature conditions, quality assessment of refined glucomannan powder according to the preliminary standards approved in previous publication.
Bioequivalence was assessed by several different published statistical methods (ANOVA, Confidence Interval, Westlake, and Schuirmann).
Keywords: Lateral antebrachial neurofasciocutaneous flap, radial artery perforator, cephalic vein
A hereditary cause is suspected if there is a lifelong history of easy bruising; bleeding after tooth extractions, surgery, childbirth, or circumcision; or heavy menstruation.
In some cases, genetic disorders diagnosed prenatally can subsequently be treated, preventing complications. For instance, special diet or replacement therapy can minimize or eliminate the effects of phenylketonuria, galactosemia, and hypothyroidism.
Objective: To assess the dyslipidemia in submarine soldiers.
The frequency of sexual intercourse was 1 - 2 times / week (30.0%).
In Vietnam, there have not been many announcements about the effectiveness and safety of this technique.
10, 9% of patients had family history of psoriasis.
Researchers have noted a significant association between subclinical hypothyroidism and prevalence of ischemic heart disease in residents of Nagasaki, Japan, after adjusting for age and sex.
Laparoscopic wedge resection of the D1 duodenum was performed and closure by a straight stapler.
Current situation of health quarantine activities at international health quarantine center Lao Cai and Kim Thanh, Lao Cai province and some related factors, 2017-2019
Implants of afamelanotide, can decrease photosensitivity.
FREE is done using the 4 standard echocardiographic windows: the parasternal long axis, parasternal short axis, apical, and subxyphoid windows.
Longitudinal sonogram (B), correlative CT (C), and percutaneous cholecystostomy injection (D) show a moderate-sized defect in the gallbladder wall (cursors) and a communicating fluid collection between the gallbladder and liver.
Onset between ages 21 and 40 years is sometimes called young or early-onset Parkinson disease.
Subjects and methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study on 65 patients with acute posterior cerebral infarction hospitalized from March 2021 to June 2021 at Da Nang hospital.
The need for competencies and career positions were varied depending on the recruiting institutions.
In isolated primary bone lymphoma, the 5-year survival rate is ≥ 50%.
Errors in decolorization or reading of the slide occur.
The 50 - by 30-micron ova are oval with a thin shell that contains a curled-up larva.
In terms of pancreatic fistula by trauma which was lately operated after 5 days, the effects of pancreatic juice, injuried pancreatic tissue was friable, decayed the anastomosis had the high risk of leaking if we made pancreatico-jejunostomy so we actively closed pancreatic duct (exocrine pancreas excluded) this patients suffered postoperative pancreatic fistula and healed after a month, no complications occurred, and this patient had no complaints about the symptoms of exocrine pancreatic deficiency.
The research aimed to evaluated the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases.
There is some concern, although it has not been proven, that tetracycline and minocycline may decrease the effectiveness of birth control pills.
A positive correlation was found between MAU and presence and severity of angiographic CAD.
Because BP varies with age, an easy guideline to remember the lower limits of normal for systolic BP (< 5th percentile) by age is as follows: < 1 month: 60 mm Hg 1 month to 1 year: 70 mm Hg > 1 year: 70 + (2 × age in year) Thus, in a 5-year-old child, hypotension would be defined by a BP of < 80 mm Hg (70 + [2 × 5]).
Postoperative Care By Paul K Mohabir, MD, Stanford University School of Medicine; André V Coombs, MBBS, Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center Reviewed / Revised Nov 2020 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Postoperative care begins at the end of the operation and continues in the recovery room and throughout the hospitalization and outpatient period.
Tonometry is occasionally done in primary care; however, it is usually done by ophthalmologists or optometrists as part of routine eye examinations or by ophthalmologists when a patient is referred to them because glaucoma is clinically suspected.
If lung function changes, CT should be done.
Acute chest syndrome is characterized by sudden onset of fever, chest pain, and pulmonary infiltrates.
Normal CSF values are controversial and in part age-related.
Current status of implementing regulations on prescribing drugs for treating inpatients at Thai Nguyen Medical University Hospital
Hct mao mạch và Hct tĩnh mạch có tính tương đồng cao trên trẻ sơ sinh bệnh lý; phương trình hồi quy đơn biến để dự đoán Hct mao mạch từ Hct tĩnh mạch: Hct mao mạch = 1, 779 + 1, 003 x Hct tĩnh mạch (r = 0, 965, p <0, 001); Hct mao mạch có tính tin cậy khi thay thế cho Hct tĩnh mạch (hệ số tin cậy R = 0, 93).
Evidence Previously, evidence indicated that EPA / DHA (EPA plus DHA in various combinations) 800 to 1500 mg / day reduces risk of myocardial infarction and death due to arrhythmia in patients who have preexisting coronary artery disease and are taking conventional drugs (2).
The results showed that 22.8% children had signs and / or symptoms of TMDs (15.4% with symptoms and 9.9% with signs).
Results: The majority of patients in this study were diagnosed with stage 3 CKD (67.3%).
However, molecular drug susceptibility testing is increasingly replacing culture-based methods.
This study was designed to describe the anatomic variants of the biliary tree by MRCP and clinical applications.
Results: There were not many changes in the clinical features of patients over two periods.
To describe immunohistochemical characteristics of follicular lymphoma at Bach Mai Hospital.
If available, spray a vasoconstrictor such as phenylephrine or oxymetazoline in the nostril, trying to reach the entire nostril surface, including the superior and posterior aspects; however, this step can be omitted.
Acute ischemic stroke due to internal carotid artery (ICA) dissection after trauma is a rare complication. According to statistics, it caused a mortality rate of 60 - 65% of patients, 20% survived with severe neurological damages, and only 15% recovered well.
Claims Astragalus is said to be useful for many conditions, including upper respiratory infections, allergic rhinitis (hay fever), asthma, chronic fatigue syndrome, and chronic kidney disease.
Somatic symptom disorder: Children may develop multiple somatic symptoms or only one severe symptom, typically pain.
Four cations: Sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium Two accompanying anions: Chloride and phosphorus Daily requirements range from 0.3 to 2.0 g. Bone, muscle, heart, and brain function depend on these macrominerals.
CR1 (CD35) promotes phagocytosis and helps clear immune complexes.
Until recently, in the US, the main dietary source of trans fatty acids was partially hydrogenated vegetable oils, used in manufacturing certain foods (eg, cookies, crackers, chips) to prolong shelf-life.
The surgical outcome of convexity meningiomas using the neuro navigation system
For a newcoming drugstore chain like Pharmacity, identifying and measuring brand equity is important key, helping company to validate its current value in the market.
Growth retardation and infections are common among children.
The bronchoscope is lubricated and passed either through the nostril, the mouth with use of an oral airway or bite block, or an artificial airway such as an endotracheal tube.
Pathology and complications No pathologic changes occur early in hypertension.
This affects mostly females than males in a 5 - 10: 1 ratio and peaks in middle-age though it could affect lower age groups as well (children and adolescents).
Conclusions: According to this study, the prevalence of thyroid function disorders in patients with chronic heart failure was 34.43%, mainly with TSH following the trends towards increase and fT3 following the trends towards decrease.
Related factors in drug-resistant focal epilepsy in children: Maternal fever during the first two months of pregnancy; Prematurity; History of intracranial hemorrhage; History of complex febrile seizure; History of status epilepticus; Psycho-motor delay; Focal neurological deficit; Age at onset less than 12 months; Change of seizure semeiology over time; History of infantile spasms.
No adverse change in the index of tests about lipidemia, liver, kidney, glucomia and no recorded cases of drug side effects.
Achieved level in nursing care contributed to 96.7%.
These enzymes produce and transform molecular species called porphyrinogens or porphyrins (and their precursors); accumulation of these substances causes the clinical manifestations of the porphyrias.
Subjects and research methods: Including 108 patients diagnosed with vertebral collapse with osteoporosis, without nerve root compression, surgery by percutaneous vertebral body shaping using bio-cement pump balloon at the Department of Thoracic Neurosurgery, Bac Ninh Provincial General Hospital.
Factors related to positive HPV included history of gynecologic conditions (OR= 2.3), separated or widowed women (OR= 3.97), and having genital tract infection (s) (OR=1.8).
Results: The rate of chronic energy deficiency (CED) was 5.9%, overweight 15.9%, obesity 2.2%.
This study aims to investigate the knowledge and attitudes of the HCMC people about salt and salt reduction products, the average amount of sodium in instant noodles, and the frequency of using of this product.
Pain is a health challenge often seen in Cancer.
In ECG gating, the image recording (or reconstruction) is synchronized with the electrocardiogram (ECG), providing information from several cardiac cycles that can be used to create single images of selected points in the cardiac cycle.
Imaging (CT, MRI, or PET / CT) is done to help determine the extent of the primary tumor, involvement of adjacent structures, and spread to cervical lymph nodes.
Liver biopsy is also recommended in patients with serologic evidence of iron overload but negative genetic evaluation.
Conclusion: Testicular tumor is a rare disease in children, children with testicular tumor have very good long-term survival rates after appropriate treatment, so accurate diagnosis is very important.
Recommend pessaries and / or pelvic floor exercises, but if they are ineffective, consider surgical repair.
Background: Puberty children need special care to help them to release pschycological depression.
Consider underlying chronic disorders, particularly those impairing the immune system.
The mean Schirmer test increased from 9.6 ± 7.9 at baseline to 11.6 ± 3.9 (p < 0.001) after 2 month follow-up, and 12.9 ± 3.9 after 4 month follow-up (p < 0.001).
Predictive values in predicting benign-malignant ovarian tumorsby 2d ultrasound images
Further testing Once myasthenia is diagnosed, CT or MRI of the thorax should be done to check for thymic hyperplasia and a thymoma.
We reported one patient with complications of a hematoma, ureteral constriction, CMV infections, and acute tubular necrosis, one patient with new onset diabetes mellitus after transplantation and 7 patients with remaining hypertension after kidney transplantation.
If vaccine cannot be given, antiviral drugs are continued for the duration of the epidemic.
Adrenalectomy in adrenal cancers is a safe surgical treatment.
Therefore, choice empirical antibiotic therapy base on genotypic resistance like CTX-M and NDM-1 may get good value to improve the clinical outcome in BSI patients caused by E coli and K pneumoniae.
The chest wall is palpated for rib fractures and the presence of subcutaneous air (sometimes the only finding in pneumothorax).
This study aimed to evaluate the initial clinical outcomes of percutaneous endoscopic lumbar discectomy (PELD) via interlaminar approach to L5/S1 disc herniation.
Pseudosyndactyly occurs nearly always.
Result: based on the IAS criteria the prevalence of metabolic syndrome is 35, 9% and 27, 8% (ATPIII).
No patient had hypoglycemia, proving the safety of metformin in the treatment of psoriasis.
Alcohol ingestion should be avoided permanently, and smoking should be stopped.
Key Points Leptospirosis is a zoonosis that occurs in many domestic and wild animals (particularly dogs and rats); human infections are rare in the US and are acquired by contact with infected urine or tissue or contaminated water or soil.
Clinical features of the dengue hemorrhagic fever at Hanoi general hospital of traditional medicine in 2016 – 2017
The immature fruit is green, the half of stalk is dark green; peduncle of fruit 15 - 20 mm long, hairy.
Pearls & Pitfalls Stress testing may be less painful with 3rd-degree sprains than with 2nd-degree sprains.
Background: Irritable bowel syndrome - IBS is a chronic gastrointestinal disease associated with bowel dysfunction that causes uncomfortable symptoms and affects to quality of life (QoL) of patients.
The usual cause of death is uncontrollable proliferation of chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells.
Recurrent infections, symptoms of anemia, or bleeding manifestations suggest cytopenia and possible hypersplenism.
Tilt the probe down into the pelvis and keep it in the midline.
Consider chemoprevention with tamoxifen or raloxifene for women at high risk.
Treatment of chloride-resistant metabolic alkalosis involves correction of hyperaldosteronism.
Simultaneously, a blanching maculopapular rash spreads from the trunk to the extremities and face.
These food-handlers had the higher education level, the more having the right knowledge in food safety (PR = 2.15, 95% CI (1.16 to 3.98)).
English summary: Fortifying rice with micronutrients is an effective way to prevent micronutrient deficiencies.
Fourth cranial nerve palsy may affect one or both eyes.
Ultrasonography is usually helpful, but CT with contrast or MRI with contrast is often more accurate.
Systematic review of the evaluation of practice skills of community pharmacist at community pharmacy
If the retracted foreskin is somewhat tight, it functions as a tourniquet, causing the glans to swell, both blocking the foreskin from returning to its normal position and worsening the constriction.
End-of-life care should be discussed, including whether to pursue mechanical ventilation, the use of palliative sedation, and appointment of a surrogate medical decision-maker in the event of the patient's incapacitation.
Objectives: To assess the management and treatment of district hospitals' wastewater in Ho Chi Minh City.
During advanced stages, the joint is swollen from bony overgrowth and massive synovial effusion.
Acute or severe synovitis is rare.
Conclusion: Knowledge of safe sex of students is relatively well.
However, if older patients wish to substantially reduce their caloric intake, their diet should be supervised by a physician.
The authors concluded that cardiovascular diseases were very common in COPD patients.
Heparin exerts its anticoagulant effect by activating antithrombin.
Grading hepatic steatosis by Hagen-Ansert classification (1995): there were 66.5% grade 1, 30.5% grade 2, and grade 3 of 3.0%.
- Biochemistry tests: liver enzymes slightly increased in preoperative biochemistry tests.
Results and conclusions: In our study, the prevalence of prenatal screening was 73.8%.
Conclusion: Transcatheter closure of perimembranous VSDs using the symmetrical double-disc device is feasible and gives good results in selected patients.
The amount of fluids needed is typically significantly higher than that needed for a normal healthy neonate (1.5 to 2 times) because of excessive fluid loss from the exposed gut.
Nutrison nourishing solution doesn't change the index: urea, creatinine, glucose, GOT, GPT, cholesterol, triglycerides patient's normal.
Background: Many recent sudies have supported the use of bilateral internal thoracic arteries (BITA) as the exclusive grafts in CABG surgery based on superior graft patency, reduced cardiac-retaled eventsand enhanced survival when compared with patients receiving only the left internel thoracic artery.
This syndrome usually occurs within 10 days to 2 months after MI.
Conclusions: There was 67% of MSM had sexual intercourse with a male partner in the fist time.
In < 3% of patients, no metabolic abnormality is found.
Subjects and methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 225 cirrhotic patients at Cho Ray Hospital.
Keywords: alcohol consumption, frequent drinking, regular drinking, binge drinking, senior high school students, An Nhon district Binh Dinh province.
Conclusion: Oncology results of limb-salvage surgery use wide resection surgery and vascularized fibular grafts are acceptable.
Results: 95 cases of peritonitis caused by biliary stones has been emergency operated, bile-duct stones may be missed in 41.1%.
Objectives: To describe the factor influence for treatment adherence ARV in HIV / AIDS patients at Out Patient Clinic Children's Hospital 2.
Assessement the quality of red cells component in additive solution in hue blood transfusion center
Blood cultures were detected the same organisms as catheter tips culture in 56.25% and blood culture was negative in 40.63%.
Ataxia may be an early manifestation.
There was no association between M235T polymorphism and preeclampsia / eclampsia.
Characteristics of subclinical and microorganisms of elderly urinary tract infections in general intanal medicine at thong nhat hospital
With the sample of 494 pharmacy customers, it has been indicated that knowledge, attitude, behavior of pharmacy customers had some limitation and most of them were at average level with mean scores of 6.00 ± 2.10; 6.10 ± 1.04 and 7.21 ± 1.43 points, respectively.
Felodipine should not be taken with grapefruit juice, which significantly increases plasma levels and adverse effects by inhibiting cytochrome P-450 metabolism.
Fluconazole is less effective, and other azoles are not well-studied but have been used successfully.
CSF analysis is also usually indicated if patients with headache are immunosuppressed or if they have papilledema.
Fentanyl 5 mcg / kg IV (2 to 5 mcg / kg in children) also works well and causes no cardiovascular depression.
Plasma concentration of adiponectin is alsoelevated in patients with CKD what is causedby the disturbances of its biodegradation andelimination by the failing kidneys.
The mean time of cardiopulmonary bypass was 81.31± 25.87 min). Mean cross-clamp time was 50±23 min.
Almost electrophysiology cathlabs currently can perform this kind of procedure, so that this kind of treatment should be developed in the near future.
Conclusions: Hypophosphatemia in PICU were common, mostly related to treatment and nutrition support.
Results: The proportion of patients ≥65 years old accounted for 31.1%.
Reduction of emotional stress is useful and helps break the itch-scratch cycle.
Water enema computed tomography (WECT) can be used to evaluate the pre-treatment stage of colorectal cancer, helping to choose a reasonable treatment and monitoring strategy.
Causes of ovulatory dysfunction include Polycystic ovary syndrome Hyperprolactinemia Hypothyroidism Perimenarche or perimenopause Primary ovarian insufficiency Idiopathic (sometimes occurring when gonadotropin levels are normal) During perimenopause, AUB-O may be an early sign of ovarian insufficiency; follicles are still developing but, despite increasing levels of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), do not produce enough estrogen to trigger ovulation.
There is a difference in distance between the lips and aesthetic lines E and S between the two harmonious and non-harmonious groups.
Additionally accumulation of several hormones, such as: prolactin, growth hormone and insulinfrequently also occur.
The diagnosis and determination of degree of PHG were based on the Baveno III consensus workshop.
Some operators prefer the better fit and better barrier protection of sterile gloves.
With this maneuver, the radial and ulnar pulses are simultaneously occluded until the patient's hand becomes pale.
The first case of relapsing polychondritis in vietnam
History of psychological problems (stress, anxiety disorders, depression, and sleep disturbances) and being a student in health science field are risk factors for stress, depression, and anxiety among participants.
The infant may have tearing and photophobia.
Hypoparathyroidism By James L Lewis III, MD, Brookwood Baptist Health and Saint Vincent's Ascension Health, Birmingham Reviewed / Revised Jan 2023 View Patient Education Etiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Hypoparathyroidism is a deficiency of parathyroid hormone often caused by an autoimmune disorder or by iatrogenic damage or removal of the glands during thyroidectomy or parathyroidectomy.
Disruption of an atherosclerotic plaque by the catheter can release a shower of atheroemboli.
Any atrial defect is closed at the same time.
An uptodate on arrest labor
Relationship between pathological morphology and endoscopic findings, helicobacter pylori infection and histopathological lesions of gastric polyps
Acute angle-closure glaucoma can cause redness and severe pain similar to that of uveitis, which is why it is important to check intraocular pressure at every visit.
Most surgical patients are ventricular septal defect and mitral valve disease.
Conclusion: Cryptococcal infection should be suspected in all cases of meningitis among HIV infected persons.
Polygala paniculata L has been used as a folk medicinal in treatment of snivel diseases, flatulency.
Symptoms can include tachycardia, warm skin, sweating, heat intolerance, and mild tremors.
Study objectives: Survey of disease characteristics and the decrease of pain and numbness symptoms at hand, when combining internal medicine and therapeutic ultrasound in treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome.
The specificity was 100%.
Gastric electrical stimulation has been used in patients with diabetic or idiopathic gastroparesis for the treatment of refractory symptoms, particularly nausea and vomiting.
Application of science and technology in medical practice: the identification of the difficulty from nature of medical research
Result: The rate of age > 65 years accounted for 54.1%.
Corrlation between the dyspnea, forced expiratory volume in first second and quality of life in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients
Introduction: Ministry of Health has stipulated nurse missions in hospitals since 1997.
Results: Effective pain relief during operation was good in both of two groups (98.2% versus 99.1%).
Males appear to be more commonly affected.
Sporotrichosis By Sanjay G Revankar, MD, Wayne State University School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Apr 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment More Information Topic Resources Sporotrichosis (Papule) Sporotrichosis (Nodules) Sporotrichosis (Abscess) Sporotrichosis is a cutaneous infection caused by the saprophytic mold Sporothrix schenckii.
Signs of extracellular fluid volume depletion may develop from urinary water loss accompanying electrolyte excretion in type 2 RTA.
However, allogeneic stem cell transplantation with myeloablative or nonmyeloablative chemotherapy remains experimental because of the high morbidity and mortality resulting from graft versus host disease.
Keywords: pulmonary protective ventilation, prone positioning ventilation.
Gastric emptying Gastric emptying, which used to be well-accepted and seems intuitively beneficial, should not be routinely done.
Keywords: C1-C2 fixation, C2 pedicle screw.
Methods: Define LD50 of granules of TLTG in the mice by Litchfield - Wilcoxon method.
The Infusion warming studies have been shown to reduce the level of hypothermia, as well as the degree of heat loss from the redistribution of peripherical body's temperature in women receiving spinal anesthesia for cesarean section.
Because of the possibility of allergic reactions, patients who previously received streptokinase or anistreplase are not given that drug again.
Conclusions: Yarrowia lipolytica VTP5, which was isolated from Nem chua, was found to be the producer of highest amounts of γ-Decalactone in the castor oil medium.
Protrusion of maxillary incisors (1u-NA) and mandibular (1l-NB) decreased on average by 1, 3 mm and 0, 8 mm, overbite decreased by 0, 5 mm, overjet change was not statistically significant.
This coverage varying by months of intervention was associated with impacts of social marketing activities and behavior change process of the target groups.
However, repeated exposure to the initiating agent may trigger additional symptoms.
Knowledge about diet of patients with urinary stones at Nam Dinh general hospital in 2018
There is no demonstrated benefit of anticoagulation and, according to most experts, its use may actually enhance atheroembolism.
Background: Many studies before have showed that obesity was one of the most high risk of coronary artery disease (CAD).
Hepatitis B reactivation resulting in liver failure and death has been reported during or after HCV treatment with DAAs.
We report a case of a female patient with acute and multiform lesions: Erythema, vesicles, bullous, and fever after taking an antihypertensive drug containing telmisartan and hydrochlorothiazide.
The standard vaccine for influenza does not prevent bird flu.
The difference in attenuation between high and low energy beams is a reflection of bone mineral content.
Improper application may result in blister formation.
ECG is typically done for chest trauma that is severe or compatible with cardiac injury.
Gastric endoscopy should combine with biopsy because 24% gastritis patients have no lesion on endoscopy.
In the group of women who would be in term after, FFN (-) in 75%.
Key words: Tracheotomy
Objectives: The otolaryngologist is frequently call to evaluate the patient who had suffered facial trauma.
Prescription of guideline-directed medication in outpatients with systolic heart failure in Hanoi heart hospital
Patients were applied exercise testing for orient diagnose coronary disease, especially for assessment the sensitivity and the specific of ST / R rate in diagnosing cardiac muscle local ischemia and to compare with the result of coronarygraphy.
The 2015 American College of Gastroenterology's guidelines for genetic testing and management of hereditary gastrointestinal cancer syndromes recommend doing upper endoscopy including duodenoscopy starting at age 25 to 30 years and repeating surveillance every 6 months to 4 years depending on the stage of duodenal polyposis.
Children with an upper respiratory infection may have recurrent palsy.
Results: Mean values of fasting blood glucose, HbA1c, C-peptide, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, cholesterol and triglycerides were significantly reduced after 6 months of treatment.
Initial evaluations of craniofacialand mandibulae plastic surgery by biomedical implants c-peek
The factors associated with the increased risk of lymph node metastasis were of histological types (invasive lobular, invasive micropapillary carcinomas) (p = 0.000), high tumor grade (p = 0.000), the presence of lymphovascular invasion (p = 0.000), tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) < 10% (p = 0.000), the presence of tumor necrosis (p = 0.001), Her-2 / neu overexpression (p = 0.01), Ki-67 ≥ 20% (p = 0.036), HER2-positive breast cancer (p = 0.015).
Plasma glucose should be monitored every 6 hours until patients and glucose levels become stable.
All patients were followed after surgery and re-examination with X-ray at one week, one month, three months.
Psychotic: Patients have delusions and / or hallucinations.
Follow-up after 3 - 6 months by Eckardt score show that 90.9% had a good result, 01 patient with persistent symtomps (Eckardt score > 3) had to undergo a pneumatic dilation.
Conclusion: the proseal laryngeal mask had a higher leakage volume but still maintained ventilation and gas exchange compared to endotracheal intubation in patients undergoing percutaneous lithotripsy in the lateral position.
Prognostic factors are: stage, tumor size, Hb level, and lymph node enlargement in ultrasound. Stage and lymph node enlargement in ultrasound are the most important prognostic factors.
Methods: The descriptive cross-sectional study was performed evaluations in randomized order in patients with meningioma at the neurosurgery deparment in Cho Ray hospital.
Offspring may have a severe form of myotonia referred to as congenital myotonic dystrophy.
Almost everyone will carry at least one of the genetic variants, according to studies published in Nature and Nature Genetics.
For most gliomas, surgically excise as much tumor as possible (gross total resection) without unduly damaging areas of eloquent brain, then follow with radiation therapy and / or chemotherapy.
On MRI, there were 4 cases of abnormal anatomy of trunk (10%), the angles formed by root and spinal cord gradually increase from C5 to T1.
+ Percentage of types of concha bullosa in the middle turbinates for patients with chronic sinusitis: - On both sides: the lamellar type is 45 cases (23.9%), the extensive type is 13 cases (6.9%), the bulbous type is 10 cases (5.3%).
Genital warts may persist and spread widely in patients with decreased cell-mediated immunity (eg, due to pregnancy or HIV infection).
Subject and Method: A cross-sectional study included 34 nurses and midwives who directly take care of patients in clinical departments of the hospital; each was observed for two chances of handover.
Medicinal plant resources in the Na Hang nature reserve, Tuyen Quang province, Vietnam
The results of colposcopy on patients with abnormal vaginal cervical cytology at National hospital for obstetrics and gynecology in 2011
- The minimum bactericidal concentration (MBC): Sulraapix groups 17.662 ± 20.457 µg / ml; Sulperazone groups 14, 574 ± 16, 915 µg / ml, maximum and minimum values ​​of the two antibiotics are equal, the corresponding value is 64 µg / ml and 0.25 µg/ml.
There were 7 boys and 7 girls with a mean age of 3.5 years.
The sensitivity and specificity of US for polyps was 86 percent and 90 percent, respectively (The sensitivity and specificity of US for polyps < 1 cm was 85 percent and 20 percent, respectively, whereas the The sensitivity and specificity of US for polyps > 1 cm was 95 percent and 40 percent, respectively).
A etrospective study evaluated the response rates of 50 patients treated with Etoposide - Cisplatin (EP) regimen and 31 patients treated with Pemetrexed - Cisplatin (PeC) regimen concurrently with 3D radiation for inoperable stage III lung adenocarcinoma.
After 24 - 36 hours treatment, the neurological symptoms (consciousness, stimulation, lethargy), respiratory symptoms (stretched breathing, deep - rapid breathing), abdominal distention, vomiting, dehydration improved significantly.
If a single day's ascent must exceed 500 m (eg, due to logistics or terrain features), they should add in rest days to achieve an average rate of < 500 m (1600 ft) per day over the entire ascent.
A small air leak, such as 5 L / minute, is negligible.
When asked to perform common motor tasks, patients with ideomotor apraxia cannot do so.
Viral serologic tests, PCR, or culture of samples taken from other areas (eg, blood, a throat swab, nasopharyngeal secretions, stool) may help identify the causative virus.
Keywords: Breast cancer, contralateral breast dose, intensity modulated radiation therapy IMRT.
First-degree atrioventricular block For first-degree block, conduction is slowed without skipped beats.
Laparoscopic transgastric drainage is feasible and effective for suitable patients who have pancreatic pseudocyst.
Cholinergic blockade in the CNS causes first lethargy and then characteristic anticholinergic illusions and hallucinations; hallucinations may be visual or auditory and are typically concrete and easily describable (eg, voices of known contacts, imaginary television programs, sharing of imaginary cigarettes, odd shapes) in contrast to the abstract, geometric, and ineffable nature of psychedelic hallucinations.
Methods: Cross section study of 130 children who were diagnosed of leukemia at Children's Hospital 1 from 1/2019 to 7/2021.
The study was designed by the method of prospective study, assess the results before and after the treatment.
It is thought to be caused by an increased concentration of beta-glucuronidase in breast milk, causing an increase in the deconjugation and reabsorption of bilirubin.
At medical center, they need to be treated fairly, raised more times to have a periodic medical check-up, diversified form of exchanging information.
This gas - known for its rotten egg smell - has disparate effects on human health: at low concentrations, it has an anti-inflammatory effect, while increased amounts of hydrogen sulfide in the intestine, in turn, are associated with diseases such as cancer.
Common viral causes include Coronaviruses (since 2020, primarily SARS-CoV-2) Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) Adenoviruses Influenza viruses Metapneumovirus Parainfluenza viruses Epstein-Barr virus and coxsackievirus are common viruses that rarely cause pneumonia.
Results: There were 89 patients with colorectal surgery in 2012, the average age of patients was 60.
Effects assessment spinal anesthesia with mixed bupivacaine and low-dose fentanyl product supply side cesarean section
Cryptosporidiosis is also associated with undernutrition in children living in these areas.
Conclusion: Topotecan is a considerable option in platinum-resistant ovarian cancer with certain clinical benefits.
Macrovascular disease involves atherosclerosis of large vessels, which can lead to Angina pectoris and myocardial infarction Transient ischemic attacks and strokes Peripheral arterial disease Immune dysfunction is another major complication and develops from the direct effects of hyperglycemia on cellular immunity.
It found a significant relationship between persistent pleural effusion and post-Fontan mid-term mortality.
Some clinical characteristics and causes of sepsis in the elderly
Cyanotic CHD children have more risk of postoperative hyperglycemia, 1.2 times higher than acyanotic CHD children.
Indications include the following: Helping diagnose urologic disorders (eg, bladder tumors, calculi in the bladder, benign prostatic hyperplasia) Treating urethral strictures Accessing the bladder for ureteral x-rays or placement of JJ ("double J") stents (stents with coiled ends placed in the renal pelvis and bladder) The main contraindication is active urinary tract infection (UTI).
The injury that tore the biceps tendon may also damage other structures in the shoulder (eg, rotator cuff).
Study on some coagulation features in chronic myeloproliferative disorders in Bach Mai hospital
The results showed that satisfaction of patients about medical examination services at 108 medical clinic was 67.7%.
Aims: To examine the influence of specific clinical and laboratory parameters on response rate and survival of patients diagnosed with NHL of intermediate - or high-grade treated with the CHOP and DHAP regimens.
With regards to epidurals in this study, there were no severe complications or mortality.
Conclusion: extended spectrum antibiotics combining with nephrostomy and controlling blood glucose is the effective procedure for emphysematous pyelonephritis among diabetic patient.
All patients were warmed actively by using forced-air and intravenous fluid warming device.
Thus, RF ablation might be considered as first-line therapy for the elderly with PSVT, especially with slow pathway AVNRT.
The overall treatment strategy is to first implement lifestyle changes, including exercise, weight loss, and avoidance of concentrated dietary sugar and alcohol.
Peritoneal and pleural effusion cases accounted for 6.1%.
A prospective database was created including routine blood tests, urine test, total PSA (prostate-specific antigen) serum, free PSA serum, prostate volume by TRUS.
Results: 118 patients (77 woman, 41 man), woman have higher LLVD proportional rate than man.
Results: All of anterior clinoid process in this radiological study had shown that 18.5% of all have been pneumatized, with 22.5% và 20% for right side and left side, respectively.
Conclusion: 5 traditional formulas collected in Soc Trang province suppressed IL-1β secretion and enhanced IL-10 secretion from LPS-stimulated macrophages.
Objective: The dermal equivalent is an in vitro model of the dermal layer of skin. It is constructed by seeding dermal fibroblasts into degradable or polymeric scaffold.
In 3 to 5 days, the fever decreases, the patient feels more comfortable, and the rash fades rapidly, leaving a coppery brown discoloration followed by desquamation.
There is strong evidence that, in developing countries, supplements containing zinc 20 mg and 20 mg iron taken once a week, when given for the first 12 months of life, reduce infant mortality due to diarrhea and respiratory infections (6).
Many have difficulty complying with prescribed treatment regimens.
The number of male patients was more than the number of females.
Relative contraindications Empty bladder Major genitourinary abnormalities Bleeding disorder Massive hepatosplenomegaly Previous abdominal surgery Complications Suprapubic aspiration is typically safe.
The percentage of students meeting dietary energy requirement was 37.5%.
Most of the pts were obtained good immediate postoperative alignment of the spine.
Because culturing Coccidioides can pose a severe biohazard to laboratory personnel, the laboratory should be notified of the suspected diagnosis.
Candida species infect prosthetic joints in < 5% of cases.
Stone sites: Left side: 4 patients, right side: 11 patients.
Objectives: To compare pain scores in labor and some outcomes of labor between two groups: the group with and without birth ball exercise.
Conclusions: This study has shown that spasmodic dysphonia significantly affects the quality of life of the patients and treatment with abobotulinum toxin improves their quality of life.
Inspection sites can be found here.
Of 06 supervised provinces, only Long An Province achieved the percentage of households with clean water in accordance with NTP3 Program.
By this process identifies bronchial asthma, the severity of the disease, the level of asthma control and the status quo of asthma practice.
Small prospective studies have demonstrated functional benefit of combining NMES with traditional pulmonary rehabilitation (8).
These congenital problems may occur in congenital adrenal hyperplasia (eg, steroidogenic acute regulatory [StAR] protein deficiency, 17alpha-hydroxylase deficiency, 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase deficiency) when the same enzyme defect occurs in the adrenal glands and the testes, resulting in defective androgen activity and ambiguous external genitals of varying degrees.
Keywords: ESP, teaching efficacy
Construction of a family pedigree The family pedigree (family tree) is used to diagram inheritance patterns.
Conclusion: There are no relations between hypertrophyadenoid and maxillary sinusitis in children in X-ray.
Although typically indicative of coronary ischemia, troponin elevation often occurs in heart failure, especially if renal function is decreased.
This finding indicates a focal clot in the left middle cerebral artery (arrow).
Generally, patients with severe ulcerative colitis unresponsive to corticosteroids and biologics are not offered cyclosporine unless there is a reason to avoid the safer curative option of colectomy.
E coli and Staphylococcus Aureus accounted for 5.9%.
Objective: Search the relationship between concentration of high-sensitivity Troponin T with the degree of heart failure, and some changes on chest X-ray and echocardiography.
Update on treatment of type 2 diabetes.
For making dilatation, we puncture into inferior posterior of the kidney in 41 cases (47.7%), middle calyx 37 cases (43.0%) and superior calyx 8 cases (9.3%).
During and after surgery, plasma glucose (and ketones if hyperglycemia suggests the need) should be measured at least every 2 hours.
Pulmonary carcinosarcoma: A case report and review of the literature
The relationships between BMI categories of children aged 6 - 15 years and demographic and socioeconomic factors were determined by multinomial logistic regressions.
Objective: Research of maculopathy in diabetic patients who had got retinal complication with biomicroscopy and FFA.
The study provides data on outcomes of integrated Suboxone treatment in HIV outpatient clinics at Hanoi.
Objective: To compare serum copper and copper to ceruloplasmin ratio between the patients and the controls.
Neonatal herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection has high mortality and significant morbidity.
The average distance from the principal of the IIA to the sacral promontory is 33.95 + 3.35 mm (left) and 31.70 + 4.64 mm (right).
The deflecting wrinkle characteristics on the teeth of vietnamese
Keywords: malignanty, sarcoma, proximal end, recurrence
The indication of adjuvant therapies (radiotherapy / chemotherapy) depended on the histologic grade, the child's age, the extension of excision, the performance status and also on the financial standing of the patient's family.
Symptoms are bone pain, fractures, and growth abnormalities.
The results also show that, for every 22.87%, the change in the rate of chromosomal number disorders is explained by the variation of the maternal age factor (R-square determination coefficient = 0.22287).
Background: Sciatica is a common disease in clinical.
Chaari et all show that allergic symptoms gradually develop by the time of apprenticeship, the intensity of exposure to dust.
The prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder was 6.7%.
Humans eat, sleep and play, but we also speak, plot, rationalise and debate finer points of morality.
Walk as far as able during given time frame, stop at point of fatigue.
Imaging tests are often required to detect occult bleeding in patients with bleeding disorders.
In validation, the design qualification, installation qualification, operational qualification of Phasolpro IO was proved to be complied with its requirements.
Results: Among the subject pool, male patients make up the majority, specifically 62.7%.
Results: Plasma Hcy levels in type 2 diabetic patients with ACS were significantly higher than in diabetic patients without ACS and healthy person (16, 87 ± 6, 27 vs 12, 47 ± 3, 24 and 10, 31 ± 2, 25 μmol / L, p < 0, 01).
The most worrying problem is that the surgery will cause pain, 58.9% of the patients are very worried, 41.8% of the patients are worried about the cost of the surgery; the surgery failure 42.5% and incomplete reovery 58.2%.
Keyword: NICU, growth failure, WGV, nutrition, preterm infants.
Results: From 1/1/2008 to 31/12/2010, 67 cases were included in our study.
The best one is alpha-glucosidase inhibitor.
Characteristics and the nutritional outcomes of preterm infants nourished by nasogastric tube feeding at the National Hospital of Obstetrics and Gynecology during 2020 - 2021
Currently, NoV infection rate in our country is increasing rapidly, and genotypes are annually changing.
89 strains of S pneumoniae were isolated from 239 severe CAP children.
Throughout centuries of scientific discovery, histopathological change (morphology) has been considered as the gold standard for diagnosis related to cancer; today, it remains a vital tool for pathologists working in cancer identification.
Barbiturates Prolonged maternal abuse of barbiturates may cause neonatal drug withdrawal with jitteriness, irritability, and fussiness that often do not develop until 7 to 10 days postpartum, after the neonate has been discharged home.
Inconsistencies in the relationship between FT4 and TSH results may alarm clinical laboratories.
VTE and bleeding risks were measured using Caprini and IMPROVE scale, respectively. Rationale of VTE prophylaxis was assessed in accordance with the VNHA 2016 and ACCP 2012 guidelines.
Subject and method: 41 eligible eyes were recruited into the study from 3 centers. Vietnam National Eye Hospital, Ha Dong Eye Hospital and Eye Department of 103 Military Hospital from 1/2018 to 11/2019.
Treatment of Mpox Most patients with mpox have mild, self-limited disease.
In such cases, hallucinations and delirium can be treated with drugs.
Start with least resistance putty (ie, yellow).
Check for distal neurovascular compromise (eg, capillary refill and distal sensation and motor function).
A number of habits have been improved compared to control school, such as proportion of dairy use, selection of milk, reduced ice-cream and sweet consumption, increased bicycle use and physical exercise and reduced use of computers for entertainment.
The breasts are inspected for symmetry, dimpling of the skin, erythema, swelling, color changes in the nipple and skin, and crusting, ulceration, or retraction of the nipple.
However, separation anxiety disorder often affects children as young as 3 years, and experience with these medications in the very young is limited.
The RT PCR blood and urine samples were performed at the Oxford University Clinical Research Unit lab.
Data collection method All data was collected based on a unified clinical record 2.2.4.
The size of CB according classified Nadas: highest level 1 (59.5%), followed by the 0 (31.1%) and grade 3 (8.1%), and finally grade 4 (1.3%).
And lots of the B group of vitamins. And antioxidants.
Health workers trained on KS adhere better than health workers who are not trained (p<0.05).
The main clinical manifestation was dull low back pain (78.8%).
These processes can progress to nephrotic syndrome with marked hypoalbuminemia, edema, and anasarca or to end-stage renal disease.
Antibiotics are initiated presumptively in all toxic-appearing children and in nontoxic children with evidence of positive leukocyte esterase nitrites, or pyuria.
The prevalence of gestational diabetes and the obstetric outcome at an binh hospital
Keywords: ventricular septal defect, congenital heart defect, choromosomal abnormalities
Rubeosis iridis, gonioscopy were evaluated by microscopic examination.
The course is unpredictable in individual patients.
Fluid restriction is indicated only for treatment of hyponatremia (serum sodium < 125 mEq / L [125 mmol / L]).
Methods: A cross-sectional analaysis study was conducted before and after 4 months with the sample size was 57 mothers having first-born child at Neonatal department, Tien Giang General Hospital.
Keywords: Gamma knife surgery, arteriovenous malformation, complication, cyst, hemorrhage
Tips and Tricks for Incising and Draining an Abscess When doing a field block, after the first injection always reinsert the needle through anesthetized skin to minimize the number of painful pricks.
- SLICC / ACR were low at 12 months, but the longer the follow-up period, the higher the SLICC / ACR was attended and increased to 16.7% at 4 years of follow-up time.
It causes morphine-like respiratory depression.
Percutaneous intervention of otial coronary lesions using the szabo technique
The mean preoparative ankle-brachial index increased from 0.53 ± 0.24 to 0.69 ± 0.21 and the mean ankle systolic pressure increased form 65.9 ± 35.7 mmHg to 88 ± 28.7 mmHg after intervention (p<0.0001).
Conclusion two directions Photobed has a good efficacy in treatment the neonatal jaundice.
Common causes are hypotension or sepsis that causes renal hypoperfusion and nephrotoxic drugs.
Objectives: to determine the variations of the SSN.
Diagnosis of Essential Thrombocythemia Complete blood count (CBC) and peripheral blood smear Exclusion of causes of secondary thrombocytosis and other myeloproliferative neoplasms Cytogenetic studies JAK2 mutation and, if negative, CALR or MPL mutation analysis Rarely, bone marrow aspirate and biopsy The platelet count is > 450, 000 / mcL (> 450 × 10 9 / L), but can be > 1, 000, 000 / mcL (> 1000 × 10 9 / L).
Assessment of gastric volume using gastric ultrasound in children after drinking maltodextrin 12,5% 2 hours prior to anesthesia
Keywords: Acute myeloid leukemia, t (8; 21) (q22; q22), cKIT mutation
Because Marburg and Ebola viruses can persist in semen and be sexually transmitted, the World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that patients who have had either infection and their sex partners should abstain from all types of sex or use condoms correctly and consistently until one of the following occurs: Until 2 tests for the virus are negative If testing is unavailable, until ≥ 12 months have passed since symptom onset For more information, see the WHO: Interim recommendations for infection prevention and control, WHO: Marburg virus disease, and WHO: Interim advice on the sexual transmission of the Ebola virus disease.
Poorly healing ulcers with undermined edges may appear, often at sites of injury (eg, at vaccination sites).
Objective: To examine the prevalence and severity of periodontitis in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients.
Defective transferrin binding impairs the movement of iron from intracellular stores to plasma transport, resulting in accumulation of iron in tissues.
The risk of mortality rate is increasing when the CMV disease outbreaks.
Results: The GSN were formed by nerve branches from T4 - T11 ganglia and the most common type was formed by T5 - T9 (21.7%).
The vesicles usually erode to form ulcers that may coalesce.
Progressive dissection by pus or necrosis of surrounding cells expands the abscess.
* Safe margin: This is an index commonly used to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of oncology when performing hepatectomy for HCC.
Background: Depression accounts for a high percentage in chronic hepatitis C patients, approximately 25% of them had depressive symptoms depended on diagnostic criteria and around 45 - 50% those for rating scales.
The most severe complications were pancytopenia, neutropenia and infection due to neutropenia. Conclusions: ESHAP regimen is an active and tolerable regimen in patient with refractory non Hodgkin's lymphoma.
The study recommends for developing a plan and implementation of consultancy on the prevention of hepatitis B virus infection to patients regularly, focusing on nutrition and hepatitis B vaccination.
The value of brafT1799A mutation analysis in diagnosis of papillary thyroid carcinoma
Results: On T1, 67.4% patients showed low signal and 96.2% patients showed a contrast enhancement.
- Test: + Esophageal endoscopy with biopsy is the gold standard for the diagnosis of EC + CT scan is routine imaging for EC staging with advantages in evaluating tumor invasion into adjacent tissues, lymph node metastasis, and distant metastasis in the neck - thorax - abdomen region.
Overview of Cystic Kidney Disease By Enrica Fung, MD, MPH, Loma Linda University School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Apr 2023 View Patient Education Topic Resources Major Groups of Cystic Nephropath... Cystic kidney disease may be congenital or acquired.
Fish Poisoning and Shellfish Poisoning By Gerald F O'Malley, DO, Grand Strand Regional Medical Center; Rika O'Malley, MD, Grand Strand Medical Center Reviewed / Revised Jun 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Fish poisoning and shellfish poisoning involve one of several toxins that can cause gastrointestinal, neurologic, or histamine-mediated manifestations.
Conclusion: By our 11 initial cases we realize that laparoscopic augmentation ileocystoplasty for TB contracted bladder is feasible, safe, and have satisfactory short-term functional and radiological outcomes. It could help to bring in advantages of MIS to our patients.
After delivery, combination ART is continued for all women, even those who had not previously received ART.
Other reflexively obtained tests (eg, electrolytes and other chemistries) are unlikely to be helpful unless suggested by relevant medical history (eg, renal insufficiency, diuretic use).
Direct pancreatic function tests are most useful in patients who have an earlier stage of chronic pancreatitis in whom imaging studies are not diagnostic.
These include: flaxseed oil olive oil avocado oil coconut oil sunflower oil safflower oil avocado unsalted nuts and seeds Spices Some spices and herbs have anti-inflammatory properties to help protect and balance thyroid function.
A case report and medical literature review of the diabetic foot in end stage renal disease
Testing Testing is generally not indicated for acute nasal symptoms unless invasive sinusitis is suspected in a diabetic or immunocompromised patient; these patients usually require CT.
A normal E-FAST examination does not rule out traumatic intra-abdominal injury.
However, imaging techniques that may support the diagnosis (each with limited sensitivity and thus should not be used to exclude the diagnosis) include the following: Echocardiography (showing air in the cardiac chambers) Chest CT (showing local lung injury or hemorrhage) Head CT (showing intravascular gas and diffuse edema), although visible arterial gas is inconsistently present and its absence does not rule out arterial gas embolism Abdominal CT (showing gas within mesenteric vessels or the portal vein) Assessment should also include evaluation for other potential causes of loss of consciousness, including carbon monoxide poisoning due to contaminated breathing gas.
CSF glucose is normal; protein is < 100 mg / dL (1 g / L).
Thus, shortening the diagnotic time and reducing costs.
The healing of tympanic membrane and the site of draft is good in 2 group.
TSH is typically inappropriately low or normal in relation to low levels of circulating T4.
An infusion can be used after the bolus (8 mg / kg / h in adults; 10 to 20 mg / kg / h in children).
Therefore, foreign and domestic authors have come to phenylephrine to replace ephedrin.
Conclusion: Laparoscopic resection of is a good choice to treat gastric GISTs, special precaution is needed for small lesions.
Under these conditions, the measured polyphenols and flavonoids were 227.38±1.27 mg / g GAE and 113.36±2.07 mg / g QE, respectively, which was in agreement with the predicted value (TPC=228.46 mg / g GAE; TFC=112.58 mg / g QE).
For duodenal ulcers, it is particularly important to suppress nocturnal acid secretion.
Conclusion: Temporal bone resection which was recommended for the malignancies of the ear improved probability of tumour removal with tumour-free margin compared with traditional radical mastoidectomy.
Patients and methods: In this prospective study, a total of 52 obese children and 47 nonobese children were investigated at Nhi Dong 2 hospital, from 2008 to 2010.
These epileptic encephalopathies start in childhood and involve frequent seizures along with severe impairments in cognitive development.
Conclusions: The NLR from peripheral blood sample at the time of diagnosis of sepsis is not related to prognostic factors of sepsis nor predictive of mortality in septic patients at the 28th day.
Encouraging patients to gradually increase simple activities (eg, taking walks, exercising regularly) and social interactions must be balanced with acknowledging their desire to avoid activities.
Results: Serum urea: before surgery, 50% > 13.5 mmol / l; 34.21% normal.
CONCLUTION: The partially contracted ocular soket was reconstructed succesfully by directly suturing inferior fornix conjonctive in orbital periosteum and trasnplanting amniotic membrane to fill the ocular surface.
Rapid determination of corticoid adulterants in herbal medicines using electrospray ionization mass spectrometry - direct injection mode
The most frequent sites of lesion are skin and soft tissues.
Persistent infection with high-risk Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) has been identified as the causal factor of cervical cancer, with relative risk up to 300 - 400 folds.
Ngo Duy Thin 2.
Alert the high risk of malaria outbreak at malaria free zone
These landmarks are most apparent over the MCP joints.
In the mean follow-up time of 17 months (range 2 to 44 months), 2 patients (6.9%) had recurrent abdominal pain which responded well with conservative treatment.
However, number of oocytes obtained was much higher among group of clinical pregnancy, compared to group of clinical non-pregnancy (8.48 ± 4.22 vs 7.18 ± 3.99, p = 0.02).
The slowing in growth rate may be related to exhaustion of the supply of nutrients and oxygen for the rapidly expanding tumor.
24 other cases had mean survival time 12 months.
N Engl J Med 380 (23): 2225 - 2236, 2019. doi: 10.1056/NEJMoa1815281 Key Points Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is an indolent lymphoproliferative malignancy involving mature lymphocytes, which predominantly affects older individuals.
Objective: To determine the prevalence and epidemiology of recurrent vulvovaginal candidiasis. Method: Cross-sectional study.
Method: Using ELISA method for determinationantibody of strongyloidiasis, rice fluke, roundworm larvae dogs, cats, tapeworm larvae in serum samples at An Giang, Dong Thap, Binh Phuoc, Kien Giang, Long An and Tay Ninh, from April 2012 to September 2013.
Then, manually lift the upper lid margin, folding it backward over the applicator (ie, upward and backward toward the patient's forehead).
Scrotal flap in penile skin loss
Specific tests depend on the findings (see Table: Physiologic Causes of Chronic Abdominal Pain) but typically include ultrasonography for ovarian cancer in women > 50 years, CT of the abdomen and pelvis with contrast, upper GI endoscopy (particularly in patients > 60 years old) or colonoscopy, and perhaps small-bowel imaging or stool testing.
The results of multivariable regression analysis showed that severe malnutrition and severe infection were the risk factors of disease progression with RR 2.16 (CI 95% 1.33 - 3.51) and RR 2.57 (CI 95% 1.29 - 5.14) respectively.
The degree of differentiation of tumor cells between HCCs less than or equal to 3 cm and those greater than 3 cm was significantly different (p<0.05).
Symptoms are be similar to those of major depression and can also include anxiety.
Keywords: Deep neuromuscular block, residual paralysis, reversal of neuromuscular block.
In 10 to 40% of people, benign growths on the gingiva reappear because the irritant remains.
Conclusions: Subjects with OPR presented with greater CAL than subjects with normal BMDa.
The geriatric patient may result in an increased risk for PRNB.
Bacillus subtilis is a widely used bacterial strain in probiotic production.
A curved incision length from 1.5 cm to 2 cm at the penopubc junction, through the fascia under the skin, two lateral suspensory ligaments on the both sides of superficial dorsal vein were cut off.
Before people with Parkinson disease are incapacitated, they should establish advance directives, indicating what kind of medical care they want at the end of life.
Conclustion: The brochure "How to know and to take care of Hirschsprung's patients" the proportion of relations who know exactly is not high.
Treatment of Dyschezia Biofeedback Because treatment with laxatives is unsatisfactory, it is important to assess anorectal functions in patients with refractory constipation.
If the CBC and peripheral blood smear demonstrate other cytopenias or abnormal white blood cells, a hematologic abnormality affecting multiple cell types is suspected.
Results: The rate of anxiety disorder, mild was 30.6%, moderate was 56.5% and severe was 12.9%.
Subject and method: We performed a controlled cross - sectional study study in 51 patients with vitiligo and 51 age-and sex-matched healthy controls at Ho Chi Minh City Hospital of DermatoVenereology from January 2021 to June 2021.
In patients ≥ 6 years old, stages are as follows: Stage 1: ≥ 500 cells / mcL Stage 2: 200 to 499 cells / mcL Stage 3: < 200 cells / mcL The CD4 count after 1 to 2 years of treatment provides an indication of ultimate immune recovery; CD4 counts may not return to the normal range despite prolonged suppression of HIV.
Whole-bowel irrigation should be considered because it aims to remove all beans ingested.
The predominant bacteria are gram - negative aerobes (14/15) accompanied, at relatively high rate, by gram - positive aerobes (6/15) and anaerobes (5/15).
Severely, Fontan circulation can be failed.
Mean distance between the Vidian canal and midline was 12.1083 ± 1.6725 mm.
The relationship between the myocardial deformation with clinical, subclinical characteristics of CKD with EF ≥ 50% 3.3.1.
Objective: To define the successful rate and complications of incision polyp by snare.
There are 3 patterns: Mucocutaneous: Infections most often involve the face, especially at the nasal and oral mucocutaneous borders.
Red lunula may also be seen.
The degree of heart failure varies from study to study, but Killip grades I and II usually account for a higher proportion than the other 2 classes.
Diagnostic evaluation should be directed by the history and physical examination when possible.
Health care utilization and related factors among the elderly in Bavi district, Hanoi 2011-2012
Aural eczematoid dermatitis is more common among people with a predisposition toward atopy and with other similar dermatitides (eg, seborrhea, psoriasis).
When you perceive a dangerous or stressful situation, that information is sent to a part of the brain called the amygdala.
Additionally, the assay of impurity F in available perindopril pharmaceuticals by application of a HPLC method referred from BP 2013 was conducted.
The source of malaria parasite infection in Chu R'cam commune is mainly from outside (77.4%), and the community in the commune accounts for 22.6%.
Background: Pulmonary hypertension is of great concern in many children and adults with congenital heart disease.
The study interviewed 130 people for the intervention group and 162 people for the control group.
The efficiency in endophthalmitis prophylaxis in open ocular trauma of topical levofloxacin 1.5%
Keywords: Depressive - Ischemic stroke-Lesion location - Neuroimaging.
Object name is MJMS-18 - 1 - 060-g13.jpg Figure 13: Grade III splenic injury in an 18-year-old boy, injured when his motorcycle hit a buffalo.
The 5-year survival rate is 50%.
Rhizome is subglobose with the light yellow outside, white inside.
Purposes: The authors present the Duckett's transversal prepucial island flap (TPIF) technique associated with the Barcat's technique to prevent the meatal regression posoperatively in the small glans midshatt hypospadias repair.
Treatment costs ≤1 million accounted for 40.8%, full recovery in the first week 93.4%, self-help after falling in the first week accounted for 73.6%.
The estimated incidence is 1 in 3500 live births.
Conclusion: Median values of NLR and PLR indices in the group of chronic kidney disease patients are associated with age, elevated CRP and PCT concentration.
Symptoms of dyskinesia and tremor were mainly with 98.3% and 95.5%; non-motor symptoms include sleep disorders, gastrointestinal disorders, autonomic nervous disorders, cognitive impairment, and depression accounted for 75.3%, 62.9%, 57.3%, 51.7% and 47.2% respectively.
Micro, the number of nerve cells and the number of synapses, the concentration of neurotransmitters are reduced.
The most common injuries and illnesses treated by OEM physicians in acute care settings are Sprains and other soft-tissue injuries Lacerations Repetitive motion injuries that may lead to conditions such as bursitis, tendinitis, or nerve entrapment syndromes Contact dermatitis, particularly irritant contact dermatitis Asthma Work-related stress and mental illness Noise-induced hearing loss (potentially permanent) Sometimes an injury (eg, a repetitive motion injury) is caused by a combination of work-related and non-work-related activities.
Hold a kidney (emesis) basin under the ear to catch the water.
Objective: Investigate some characteristic to determine cause and level of stress to nurses in An Binh Hospital.
In such circumstances, having an independent predictor of the culprit artery, such as the ECG, can be very helpful. The severity of ST elevation has relation with the extent of infarction and the position of the lesion of the infarct-related artery.
Hemodynamic responses With reduced CO, oxygen delivery to the tissues is maintained by increasing oxygen extraction from the blood and sometimes shifting the oxyhemoglobin dissociation curve (see figure) to the right to favor oxygen release.
Intraoral zoster is uncommon but may produce a sharp unilateral distribution of lesions.
There was an association between the mothers' practice of exclusively breastfeeding and underweight (OR = 2.19, 95% CI 1.04 - 4.60) and wasting (OR = 6.86, 95% CI 1.28 - 36.68) and association of taking iron tablets during pregnant of the mothers with stunting (OR=1.58, 95% CI 1.0 - 2.37).
In our study, 32 patients had successfully cannulated, then followed up with a natural pregnancy for 12 months after surgery.
Traditional CABG Procedure Traditional coronary artery bypass grafting involves thoracotomy via a midline (median) sternotomy.
Do a preliminary ultrasound inspection (nonsterile) of the area to determine whether the site is suitable for cannulation.
Purpose: To identify the rate of the expression of HER2 protein in gastric adenocarcinomas. Patients and methods: A descriptive, cross sectional study on 82 patients diagnosed with primary adenocarcinomas in The Central Cancer Hospital in Ho Chi Minh city from 01/2009 to 03/2011.
In this disorder, usually the apex and occasionally other segments of the left ventricle are affected, causing regional wall dysfunction and sometimes focal dilation (ballooning).
Mucous membrane involvement may be prominent, especially in the mouth.
Subjects and methods: PTMC patients were diagnosed papillary thyroid microcarcinoma by pathology and underwent total thyroidectomy, I-131 treatment at least 1 time from January 2020 to March 2022, at the 108 Military Central Hospital.
Predictive values of computerized tomography in the diagnosis of gallbladder carcinoma
Perform 3 sets of 10 repetitions.
CD4 and CD8 T lymphocytes directly target biliary epithelial cells.
The status and some factors related to satisfaction of patients at Yen Phong general clinic, Bac Ninh province, in 2021
Materials and Method: The cross-sectional descriptive study combining qualitative research on 205 patients on ARV treatment at Can Tho City's management facilities.
Beside that, there were 50% samples not met the microbiological standars in E coli and Coliforms Conclusion: following the results we could see that soya milk which has sold at retail market in HCM are not safe for costumers..
Acetonitrile residual solvent can be found in 18F-FDG radiopharmaceuticals (less than 0.41mg / mL).
Men had a higher risk to develop infectious complications than women.
Key words: Peptic ulcer bleeding, hemoclip, endoscopic hemostasis therapy
Hospitalization time: 2.63 ± 2.17 days.
With modern therapy, risk of mural thrombosis is much lower.
- All serious AEs (SAEs) occurring over the entire study period (through Day 1 and Day 91).
Premature taper can result in relapse.
Women typically gain 1.5 to 4 kg during the first year of DMPA use and continue to gain weight thereafter.
Urine discoloration (red or reddish brown) may occur in the symptomatic phase of all porphyrias except erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) and ALAD-deficiency porphyria.
86.2% of patients received potential drug-drug interaction pairs and the mean number of drug-drug interaction pairs per patient was 4.9 ± 2.4.
No complication related to stenting procedure noted (only one case residual abscess due to breaking out the biliary drain of left hepatic branch).
Background: Nutrition plays an important role in the treatment and recovery of colorectal cancer patients before and after surgery.
The CRH-ACTH - cortisol axis is a central component of the response to stress.
Antibody response to hepatitis b in infants born to hbsag positive mothers after using vaccine and hbig at sihospital
Keywords: Community acquired pneumonia (CAP), Procalcitonin (PCT) level.
120 processed meat samples were collected from retail food vendors in 8 inner districts of Hanoi city.
Immediate operative delivery can improve maternal outcome and can be critical for survival of a fetus that is a viable gestational age.
Introduction: Geriatric patients are more likely to be hospitalized for multimorbidity.
Objectives: The aim of study was to confirm the diagnostic value on non small cell lung cancer of tumor markers as CEA, CYFRA 21 - 1 and NSE.
Ultrasound images recorded at injury: 83 cas loss spectrum (78.3%), increased velocity cas 9 (8.5%), decreased velocity cas 6 (5.7%), common words blood vessels into the heart blocks from 5 cas (4.7%), arteriovenous probe 3 (2.8%).
They can produce many fruits and are grown all year round all over the country; mainly in Da Lat.
Laboratory evaluation: ECG: 100%, Echocardiography: 32.13%, Chest X ray: 6.23%, Glycemia: 68.85%, Lipidemia: 68.52%, Creatininemia: 60%, Proteinuria: 27.87%, Ionogram: 20.33%, Hct: 14.75%, Microalbuminuria: 0.66%, C Reactive proteinemia: 0%, Carotid artery ultrasound: 0%).
A recent Heart Rhythm Society consensus statement also provided recommendations regarding ICD use in patients with ARVC and various combinations of moderate other risk factors (1).
An undermined border (ie, loss of underlying support tissue at the border) is common, if not pathognomonic.
The results showed that the rate of venous thromboembolism after 30-day thoracic surgery was calculated as 0.22% (78/35612).
38.9% of the patients have the psychological stress before disease.
Conclusion: Arterial embolization is the preferred treatment for symptomatic arteriovenous fistulas.
Tinnitus may be intermittent or continuous.
Secondary arginine vasopressin deficiency Arginine vasopressin deficiency may also be secondary (acquired), caused by various lesions, including hypophysectomy, cranial injuries (particularly basal skull fractures), suprasellar and intrasellar tumors (primary or metastatic), Langerhans cell histiocytosis, lymphocytic hypophysitis, granulomas (sarcoidosis or tuberculosis), vascular lesions (aneurysm, thrombosis), and infections (encephalitis, meningitis).
Methods: cross sectional study with questionnaire on 12 managers of dental practice, health professionals at provicial and village level, 38 public and private clinics and 302 patients.
Materials and Methods: Descriptive cross-sectional study, include 163 patients with dialysis chronic kidney disease, from January 2017 to December 2018 at the Department of Haemodyalysis, District 2 Hospital, Ho Chi Minh City.
Expedited partner therapy (EPT) involves giving patients a prescription or medications to deliver to their partner.
The duration of oral anticoagulation should be 1 month if mitral valvuloplasty was performed without a prosthetic ring and 3 months if mitral valvuloplasty was performed with a prosthetic ring.
Liquid oral food supplements (usually lactose-free) can be used when solid food cannot be adequately ingested.
Keywords: classification, medical waste, preventive medical students.
Resuscitation The patient is given an initial bolus of Ringer's lactate 200 mL (20 mL / kg × 10 kg) over 30 minutes.
Depending on characteristics of the primary tumor, systemic chemotherapy may shrink tumors and prolong life but is not curative; hepatic intra-arterial chemotherapy sometimes has the same effect but with fewer or milder systemic adverse effects.
Conclussion: Increasing age, the risk of higher prostatic hypertrophy.
Tests of other specimens Transbronchial biopsies can be done on infiltrative lesions, and samples are submitted for culture, histologic evaluation, and molecular testing.
Rarely, when biopsy is done, samples are obtained by needle biopsy for masses or by needle aspiration for ascitic fluid.
The lesion can also be hidden with an opaque cosmetic cream prepared to match the patient's skin color.
In patients with normal sensation, pain out of proportion to clinical findings may be an early clue.
Enterobiasis was diagnosed by Graham's technique. Results: The proportion of parents with correct knowledge was 46%, mainly focused in the white-collar group and with level of education higher than the second grade.
Conclusion: Regular training is needed to improve knowledge, attitudes and good practice monitoring in order to achieve better effectiveness in preventing exposure and infection for health workers.
The lower solid line 25% below the standard nomogram is included to allow for possible errors in acetaminophen plasma assays and estimated time from ingestion of an overdose.
Excess abdominal fat leads to excess free fatty acids in the portal vein, increasing fat accumulation in the liver.
This effect of thiazides may last for up to 2 weeks after cessation of therapy; however, hyponatremia usually responds to replacement of potassium and volume deficits along with judicious monitoring of water intake until the drug effect dissipates.
Results of blood CRT are not influenced by first aids.
82, 4% had crackles and 29, 4% muscle weakness on clinical examination.
(2012 - 2013) on the current status of injury of offshore fishermen in Van Don district, Quang Ninh province shows that the injury rate of fishermen was 54.30% [23].
Shaw (2008), Farzaneh-Far (2012) found that angina and ECG changes were the main criteriaforindicating MPI in patients with chronic coronary artery disease after coronary revascularization.
Methods: The subjects of this study was the Ketoprofene Biogaran L P 100 mg tablet.
DIE is a potentially devastating, gynaecological condition.
Sixty patients were randomized to receive supraclavicular block using 15 mL ropivacaine 0.5% and intravenous 2ml normal saline (Control group R), with intravenous dexamethasone 8 mg (RD group).
This process is designed to enable rapid analysis of peer-reviewed published resuscitation studies and development of International Consensus on Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) and Emergency Cardiovascular Care (ECC) Science with Treatment Recommendations (CoSTR) statements.
The most common causes are severe acute exacerbations of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), overdoses of drugs that suppress ventilatory drive, and conditions that cause respiratory muscle weakness (eg, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, botulism).
This program of measuring ketones and giving additional fluid and insulin during illness and / or hyperglycemia is called sick-day management.
Retinal Detachment By Sonia Mehta, MD, Vitreoretinal Diseases and Surgery Service, Wills Eye Hospital, Sidney Kimmel Medical College at Thomas Jefferson University Reviewed / Revised Apr 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Etiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Retinal Detachment Retinal detachment is separation of the neurosensory retina from the underlying retinal pigment epithelium.
The group of stage I and II with preoperative chemoradiotherapy account for most (64.7%), Three patients (17.6%) no longer has any tumor cell after preoperative chemoradiotherapy.
The factors related to primary caries were significant through multivariate analysis: Age group, Number of times brushing teeth, Parents help brush teeth and Habit of eating sweets.
The anatomical features of roots, stems, leaves are analyzed, described and photographed in detail.
Objective: To evaluate the correlation of clinical factors in the posterior maxillary sinus lift and immediate implant placement.
Keyword: Malnutrition, children, food intake, Tien Lu, Hung Yen File attachments:
IgA occurs at mucosal surfaces, in serum, and in secretions (saliva; tears; respiratory, genitourinary, and gastrointestinal tract secretions; colostrum), where it provides an early antibacterial and antiviral defense.
Recently, several new, highly sensitive assays of cardiac troponin (hs-cTn) that are also very precise have become available.
The association between serum ferritin level and gestational diabetes in pregnant women in university medical center hcmc
Lower motor neuron lesions (eg, affecting the anterior horn cell, spinal root, or peripheral nerve) depress reflexes; upper motor neuron lesions (ie, non-basal ganglia disorders anywhere above the anterior horn cell) increase reflexes.
Attention must then be directed to extrascrotal disorders, particularly appendicitis, renal calculi, and, in men > 55, abdominal aortic aneurysm.
This approach is especially useful during the first meeting.
The value of acoustic radiation force impulse imaging and apri for evaluating liver fibrosis in patients with chronic hepatitis b infection at university medical center, ho chi minh city
The factor related to septic shock and fatal condition among septic children were: - The clinical signs of cyanosis; capillary refill time more than 3 seconds, anuria, stool with mucus and blood, Glasgow score less than 8.
Febrile patients with typical symptoms and signs of acute bacterial prostatitis usually have white blood cells and bacteria in a midstream urine sample.
Environmental activist Erin Brockovich was even called in to investigate.
(See also Evaluation of the Patient with Joint Symptoms and Evaluation of the Wrist.)
- The Liver group: 29 symptoms.
ESBLs are common in clinical samples at our hospital and area associated with gentamicin and ciprofloxacin resistance.
Pulmonary disease Preoperative pulmonary function tests can help quantify the degree of obstructive, restrictive, or reactive airway disease.
Conclusion: The incidence of early childhood caries is quite high and the level of serious caries is quite severe, but for those who were treated with MI vanish fluor once a week for 4 consecutive weeks, the rate early childhood caries reduced and decreased both the severity of the disease.
Small cell lung cancer (SCLC) is a dangerous disease, accounting for about 14% of all lung cancers.
Among them the male and female ration was 1/1.
Keywords: meningiomas, olfactory groove.
Underweight tended to decrease and overweight tended to increase by age.
The ACR lexicon further defined this category, because in the normal thyroid there also may be echogenic foci visible.
Aim: to study the therapeutic effects of bone marrow stem cell transplantation (alloSCT) for RDEB.
Treatment of Toothache Topical or oral analgesics Sometimes rinses or systemic antibiotics Analgesics (see Treatment of Pain) may be given pending dental evaluation and definitive treatment.
Methods Descriptive, prospective, non-control study, from July 2021 to July 2022, had 38 patients diagnosed with CTO femoral artery POBA and / or stenting, Result The success rate of interventional technique for CTO of the superficial femoral artery is 94.7%.
On the other hand, use of fertility drugs that induce ovulation, increases the chance of developing corpus luteum cysts.
Adverse Effects Photosensitivity, dry mouth, constipation, dizziness, confusion, and mania (in patients with bipolar disorder) may occur.
[2] Overtreatment with antithyroid drugs in pregnancy can cause fetal hypothyroidism.
Later, warm sitz baths can be used several times a day.
Objective: Review the specified surgery time and laparoscopic surgery results in case of acute cholecystitis.
Care must be taken to avoid volume depletion.
Glucose intolerance may appear at any time, but overt diabetes mellitus (pancreatogenic diabetes or type 3c diabetes) usually occurs late in the course of chronic pancreatitis.
If the patient normally walks with a walker or cane, it should be used during the test.
Cumulative PK / PD target attainment proportion significantly increased after the first adjustment (64.3% vs 14.3%).
Results: There were 878 patients in this study, the average age was 71.9 ± 7.5.
For kids it might lead to educational under-achievement because of teasing and bullying along with enormous degrees of stress which is blamed for their frequent progression into alcoholism, excessive tobacco or drug use and in some cases to suicide.
Treatment of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis with ovarian teratoma removal: a literature review and two case reports
Therefore, X-ray and CT is still the fastest, most appropriate and effective diagnostic imaging method for spinal injuries, especially in emergency cases.
If possible, try to schedule your appointment for your second dose on the day you get your first dose.
Infrared photocoagulation for treatment of hemorrhoids
Keywords: Thalassemia, Hb disease
Objective: Comment on visual characteristics of some common cystic lesions in the lower jaw on X-ray.
The aim of diabetic treatement is optimal control fasting plasma glucose to prevent these complications.
PanRetinalPhotocoagulation (PRP) is the indication for the Diabetic Retinopathy (preproliferative, mild and moderate proliferative) for prevention of severe complications such as neovascular glaucoma, vitreous hemorhage, tractional retinal detachment.
- Dimensions of attached gingiva and keratinized gingiva increased proportional to the degree of re-covering the tooth root after sub-epithelial connective tissue graft surgery.
Insidious hypocalcemia may cause mild, diffuse encephalopathy and should be suspected in patients with unexplained dementia, depression, or psychosis.
Twins was the associated factor for hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (OR=2.04, 95% CI, 1.05 - 4.04).
The strains of S aureus increased significantly resistance to antimicrobial agents, MRSA (+) increased from 67.3% in 2018 to 85.5% in 2019.
Topical calcineurin inhibitors Topical tacrolimus and pimecrolimus are calcineurin inhibitors.
Viral arthritis and arthritis secondary to bite wounds Viral arthritis is treated supportively.
Chronic chalazia that do not respond to treatment require biopsy to exclude tumor of the eyelid.
Mean pre-pregnancy BMI was approximately 34 kg / m2.
About 75% of myxomas occur in the left atrium, and the rest occur in the other chambers as a solitary tumor or, less commonly, at several sites.
Patient's satisfaction rate was 83.3% and no case needed revision surgery.
Respiratory resistance Rrs5 and Rrs20 were higher and reactance Rrs5 more negative in exacerbations COPD patients than in stable COPD patients.
In type 2 diabetes, the pancreas produces insulin, but there are varying degrees of insulin resistance, and insulin secretion is inadequate to meet the increased demand caused by insulin resistance (ie, there is relative insulin deficiency).
The main cause of trauma is traffic accidents and the vehicle that causes the accident is mostly motorcycles. Mandibular angle fractures are usually a combined fracture, mainly a combination fracture with other fracture lines of the mandible.
There were 486 subjects randomly selected to take blood for serum total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, and triglyceride concentration.
Nutritional status of diabetes patients and some relevant factors at Hanoi medical university hospital in 2016.
No surgical complications was reported.
Scientific research management at Hanoi medical university
The mechanism is unknown but may involve incomplete relaxation of the urinary sphincter and dyssynergic voiding.
In 2020, only 13 measles cases were reported in the United States amid the COVID-19 global pandemic.
The disorder occurs in 1 in 8, 000 to 14, 000 people.
Objectives: Describe and examine the relationship between clinical characteristics with laboratory tests of indirect hyperbilirubinemia in neonatal.
Isolation of microorganisms: fungi (60.8%), bacteria (29.4%), both fungi and bacteria (9.8%).
In addition, the cutoff 125Gy of tumor dose has sensitivity and specificity in predicting tumor response of 87.5% and 69.2%, respectively, which is higher than those on the planar.
Relevant Anatomy for Surgical Tube and Catheter Thoracostomy Neurovascular bundles are located at the lower edge of each rib.
Describe the characteristics of pathogenic bacteria causing acute exacerbations of COPD at Kien Giang province General Hospital in 2020.
Severe hypertension (hypertensive emergencies) can cause severe cardiovascular, neurologic, renal, and retinal symptoms (eg, symptomatic coronary atherosclerosis, heart failure, hypertensive encephalopathy, renal failure).
Other gastrointestinal (GI) problems include intussusception, volvulus, rectal prolapse, periappendiceal abscess, pancreatitis, an increased risk of cancer of the hepatobiliary tract and GI tract (including of the pancreas), gastroesophageal reflux, esophagitis, and an increased prevalence of Crohn disease and celiac disease.
Analyzing 9 subjects from Pubmed data showed that most adolescent idiopathic scoliosis have moderate scoliosis with 27.31 degree and the pro-female bias was 84.08%.
TB cases with comorbid diseases were 3.2 times more likely to be affected than those without comorbid diseases (CI: 1.1 - 9.3; p = 0.025).
The follow-up results after 18 months, the recurrence rate in the radical group was 2.6%, the distant metastasis rate was 8% and the death rate from cancer was 5%.
The risk of gallbladder adenocarcinoma from gallbladder stone increased 3.5 times fold comparing with neoplasm without concomitant cholelithiasis.
Longitudinal regression model with generalized estimating equations (GEEs) were applied to assess associations between PA, DB and BMI using STATA v.10.Results: Over the five year period, students' overweight percentage increased significantly from 12.5 in 2004 to 18.3 in 2009 and obesity percentage increased from 1.7 to 6.2 (p<0.001).
An effort to enable patients to see that their problems are internal should be made early.
Our research provided reliable scientific evidence based on research design and techniques that collected accurate and reliable information.
These diverticula can be diagnosed with upper GI barium studies, but CT with oral contrast and upper endoscopy can also be used.
Average thumb abduction is 55.3° ± 7.4°.
Outcomes: Postoperative complications were 7 cases (17.5%). Mortality was 3 cases due to bleeding and multiple organ failure, accounted for 7.5%.
Many treatments are being studied, of which interleukin 6 inhibition is an effective method.
The modest worsening of glycemic control seen with metoprolol has also been noted in studies of other beta blockers [71 - 73].
Results: 295 medical records included in the study.
Duration of obstruction and the age of patientis related to the ability to recover kidney function.
Factors that particularly increase risk of ectopic pregnancy include Prior ectopic pregnancy Prior abdominal or pelvic surgery, particularly tubal surgery, including tubal ligation Tubal abnormalities Current intrauterine device (IUD) use In vitro fertilization in current pregnancy Pregnancy is much less likely to occur after tubal ligation or IUD placement; however, when pregnancy does occur, risk of ectopic pregnancy is increased (eg, about 5% in current IUD users).
Clinical features of sensory processing disorders in children with autism spectrum disorder
Etiology of Pure Red Blood Cell Aplasia Pure red blood cell (RBC) aplasia is most often due to an inappropriate immune response causing suppression of erythropoiesis.
Knowledge and attitudes of patient’s blood pressure increase in ward 8, district 10, ho chi minh city
The collateral score grades distal arteries filling with a 4-point scale with (+) 0 constituting absent collaterals (0% filling of the occluded 8 territory), (+) 1for poor collaterals (>0% and ≤50% filling of the occluded territory), (+) 2 for moderate collaterals (>50% and <100% filling of the occluded territory), and (+) 3 for good collaterals (100% filling of the occluded territory).
Result: 41 patients selected by echocardiography, 37 patients were closed successfully (90, 2% success rate).
This study aimed at evaluating the early and mid-term outcomes of Fontan Procedure in patients with single ventricle.
It wasn't the answer she expected and probably not the one she wanted but she took the news philosophically.
It is noteworthy that the thyroid hormones are essential for the innate immune response regulation and any changes in the levels of thyroid hormone proportionately deregulate the innate immunity [59].
Imaging is with plain films, CT, and MRI.
Mean operative time: 358 min.
Total cosmetic satisfaction 76.9%.
Congenital heart anomalies that, if untreated, may result in Eisenmenger syndrome include (in approximate order of occurrence— 1) Ventricular septal defect (VSD) Atrioventricular septal defect (AVSD) Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) Aortopulmonary window Atrial septal defect (ASD) Truncus arteriosus Double outlet right ventricle (DORV) without pulmonary stenosis Partial anomalous venous return (PAPVR, whereby some of the pulmonary veins connect to the right atrium instead of the left atrium) Rare patients with single ventricle variants or with transposition of the great arteries with a persistent patent ductus arteriosus and / or ventricular septal defect may develop Eisenmenger syndrome if untreated, though the vast majority of these patients die early in infancy if the anomaly is not recognized and treated.
New forms of levodopa delivery are available or being developed, but none has yet been shown to be superior to immediate-release carbidopa / levodopa 25/100 mg.
An abdominal series, consisting of flat and upright abdominal x-rays and upright chest x-rays (left lateral recumbent abdomen and anteroposterior chest x-ray for patients unable to stand), should be done when perforation or obstruction is suspected.
Emdogain stimulates production of collagen, cement cells and alveolar bone cells on the root surface.
Keywords: Curcuma aromatica; identification; Sanger sequencing
75% cases of invasive cervical carcinoma were infected by high risk group or multiple types of both groups.
Materials and methods: The study investigated the effect of the concentration of gelling agent, and the concentration of Aloe vera (A vera) on the physico-chemical properties, especially the in vitro and ex vivo permeability by using Franz diffusion cells.
In terms of stage, the disease is mainly seen in stage I, accounting for 82.3%.
Using voluntary counseling and testing HIV (VCT) in commercial sex workers in Can Tho
The pregnant women with pre-gestational diabetes have high risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: macrosomia ≥ 3500 gram, hyperbilirubinemia, fetal demise, preeclampsia - eclampsia, postpartum haemorrhage; and average blood glucose at delivery is 7.06 mmol / L Conclusions: The management of women with diabetes in pregnancy remains challenging.
Background: Lung cancer is a histologically heterogeneous disease.
Tissue damage is caused by the parasite and the local immune response it elicits.
Hyperactivity may quickly turn to lethargy; hyperventilation (with respiratory alkalosis) progresses to hypoventilation (with mixed respiratory and metabolic acidosis) and respiratory failure.
Group 1: tracheal intubation, endotracheal anesthesia is maitained with Sevoran, Esmeron and Fentanyl. Group 2: combined tracheal intubation and continuous epidural pain relief during 3 days are maintained with Marcaine 0, 1% 5mg / hour and Fentanyl 10µg / hour.
If clinically indicated, then group II gadolinium agents should be used preferentially due to lower risk of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (2).
Background: The prevalence of caesarean section due to improgressive labor has been on the rise.
For example, in a 100-kg man with a 50% TBSA burn, fluid volume by the Parkland formula would be Half of the volume, 10 L, is given in the first 8 hours after injury as a constant infusion, and the remaining 10 L is given over the following 16 hours.
Axillary and facial hair appears about 2 years after pubic hair.
Objective: To assess the results of application of lateral arm free flap (LAFF) in reconstruction of defects in the oral cavity following cancer ablation.
In one study, half of psychiatrists who lost a patient to suicide had scores on the Impact of an Event Scale comparable to those of a clinical population who had experienced the death of a parent (4).
AKI patients had higher mortality (7.5% vs 1.57%) and longer ICU and post-operarative stays than non-AKI.
Youths are more likely to engage in imitation than adults because of their stage of psychologic development and brain development.
Conclusion: Assessing the long-term response to treatment is essential to prevent medical side effects, surgical complications, and neurological damages from prolonged hypoglycemia.
Most cases are mild and complications are few except for rare cases of encephalitis and the risk during early pregnancy that infection can cause spontaneous abortion, stillbirth, or congenital defects.
Investigation of prevalence the vaginitis of perimenopausal women in ho chi minh city
Establishment and assessment of a non-invasive prenatal testing protocol for multiple dominant monogenic disorders
An evaluate of thoracosopic surgery for the prevent of the recurrence of primary spontaneous pneumothorax
Results: by using APBM, 106 patients were detected having MH among 186 diabetes type 2 patients.
Characteristics of acute renal failure treated by conservative treatment in the elderly
Typical sunscreens that block UV light are ineffective, but UVA-absorbing sunscreens, such as those containing dibenzylmethanes, may help somewhat.
Introduction to Corneal Disorders By Melvin I Roat, MD, FACS, Sidney Kimmel Medical College at Thomas Jefferson University Reviewed / Revised Aug 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms that suggest corneal involvement (eg, rather than simple conjunctivitis) include unilateral involvement, pain (foreign body sensation and ache—not just a gritty sensation), particularly with exposure to light (photophobia), and decreased visual acuity.
Symptoms and Signs of Inflammatory Vaginitis Purulent vaginal discharge, dyspareunia, dysuria, and vaginal irritation are common.
Length of the pedicle artery Through the analysis of research data, we found that the average length of the peduncle was 29 mm (the shortest was 5 mm and the longest was 50 mm).
Results: General knowledge of medical waste management before intervention was 18.8%, post-intervention 66.9% increased by 256.1% (p<0.05); Knowledge of identification of medical waste before intervention 13% achieved, after intervention 83.5% achieved, an increase of 543.6% (p<0.05); Knowledge of medical waste storage devices before intervention 49.8% achieved, after intervention 95% achieved, an increase of 90.7%; Knowledge of medical waste warnings before intervention 71.3% achieved, after intervention 96.7% achieved an increase of 35.6%; Knowledge of packaging and storage of medical waste before intervention 31.1% achieved, after intervention 68.6% achieved; knowledge about collection of medical waste before intervention 38.6% achieved, after intervention 81.2% achieved, an increase of 110.4%.
Knowledge, attitude, practice on HIV prevention among female sex workers in Hai Phong in 2011
Our study aimed to assess the analgesic efficacy and the side effects of single shot pudendal nerve block guided by ultrasound at patients with hemorrhoid surgery.
The dose 5 - 10 mg / cm2 rabbit's ear / day of Isopropyl lanolate with 5 days / week x 2 weeks could create level 3 of acne in rabbit ears.
In our opinion, it is possible that due to the loss of body fluids too much, the osmolality blood makes the TG increase. After the patient fully compensated, the level of TG will decrease very quickly back to the initial state.
(See also Local anesthesia for laceration treatment and How to Cleanse, Debride, and Dress Wounds.)
Analysis of some factors affecting access to essential medicines in the city and some districts of thua thien hue province.
Incretin and diabetes.
Results: A total of 30 ET patients, with the mean age of 53 years (range: 18 - 84 years) with the major symptom of ruddy cyanosis, headache, hypertension.
100% patients had damage of neck or head of femur on Xrays.
The majority (90.7%) of the participants felt well informed about coronavirus, but up to 48.8% of the respondents felt a little confused about the information.
There was no case of uterine perforation and infection after curettage.
Patients who had insufficient information of the survey were excluded.
Other true cystic tumors: These tumors are rare.
There is one case with aneurysm of abdominal aorta in arterial hypertension group.
Familial Partial lipodystrophy is a rare genetic disorder that can cause severe dyslipidemia.
An associated neurovascular deficit or a fracture-dislocation with skin tenting that threatens skin penetration warrants immediate reduction.
Subject and method: 165 patients with hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis treated at Bach Mai Hospital from 2016 to 2019 were included in the study.
(2) To evaluate the early results of LIFT procedure.
Method: Using literature review combined with in-depth interviews.
This research basically aims to review and evaluate our initial experiences of gastric transposition in children with congenital or acquired abnormalities of esophagus.
Television, the favorite means of communication, was rate 76%. Conclusions: Allergic dermatitis was the most common disease, then mycotic and bacterial skin infections respectively.
10.1% of the total studies were undertaken nasogastric tube / gastrotomy tube insertion during treatment process.
In China, 94% of unmarried people aged 28 to 49 are male, 97% of whom have not completed high school, and there are worries the inability to marry will result in psychological issues and possibly increased violence and crime.
Brain injury support groups may provide assistance to the families of brain-injured patients.
Objective: Evaluating the result of penetrating traumatic cataract surgery: clinical outcome, mode of management, and postoperative complications.
Bladder cancer is one of the most prevalent cancers globally.
Plasmapheresis with hemodialysis machine: preliminary results
The current study assesses the 10-year risk of cardiovascular disease in 306 VNUs office workers in 2016 - 2017 based on the 2008 Framingham Risk Score.
He reported receiving research support from AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly, Merck, Novo Nordisk, and Sanofi, and having other relationships with Boehringer Ingelheim, DKSH, Eli Lilly, Sanofi, and Zuellig Pharma.
If the pulmonary outflow and pulmonary valve are unobstructed, the chest x-ray shows cardiomegaly and increased pulmonary vascularity.
Objective: To evaluate the role of EMG and accelerometer in differentiating between Parkinson's disease and essential tremor.
Methods: A cross-sectional survey was carried out from February 2012 to October 2012.
The method of using 5% sorbitol is the simplest method.
Treatment of early-stage tumors is with surgery or radiation.
Nutritional status assessment of pre-dialysis end-stage renal disease patients
About 4 to 10% of infants who die of SIDS have a history of such events, and the risk of SIDS is higher if an infant has had 2 or more.
Follow-up for neonates discharged after 48 hours should be based on risk factors, including those for jaundice and for breastfeeding difficulties, and any identified problems.
Although not well studied, some topical agents may provide transient relief but probably not for more than 20 to 30 minutes.
Functions of gut bacteria in cancer treatment using oncolytic vaccinia virus GLV-1h68
"Have your morning coffee on the porch.
A facility-based, cross-sectional study conducted on 124 patients diagnosed with pulmonary tuberculosis.
Patients and methods: A prospective study description insulin resistance of 124 type 2 diabetic mellitus with kidney lesion compared that of 113 type 2 diabetic mellitus without kidney lesion and of 51 healthy people.
If shock and coma develop within the first 6 hours, the mortality rate is about 10%.
Skin: Palpable purpura, tender subcutaneous nodules, papules, livedo reticularis, or ulcers may develop.
Results: 100% of the RCA (right coronary artery) originate in the right aortic sinus.
Keywords: Neem leaf extract, Sodium hypochlorite, Enterococcus faecalis, irrigation
The study also showed an improvement in the rate of safe injections for highly qualified Nurses - Midwives.
Cardiac sarcoidosis should be suspected in young patients with heart block, ventricular tachyarrhythmias, and / or heart failure who have no obvious cause.
The climatic variables were related to HFMD cases.
Background: Acute mesenteric ischemia is an emergency condition which is still a challenge for physicians nowadays.
There were no significant differences in OARs such as the contralateral lung, contralateral breast, and spinal cord.
An important part of management is continued reassessment.
Method: prospective, observational and crossectional study.
Keywords: none radiodensity renal stone, extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy.
The tumor resection was carried out for 33/35 patients (94.3%), and biopsy: 2 cases; pathology found 34 cases of Pilocytic astrocytoma and 1 case of Pilomyxoid astrocytoma.
MRI is important to diagnose this disease.
Conclusion: Inner ear malformations remain a challenge to cochlear implant surgeons.
Copper Deficiency By Larry E Johnson, MD, PhD, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences Reviewed / Revised Dec 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Acquired Copper Deficiency Inherited Copper Deficiency (Menkes Syndrome) Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Copper is a component of many body proteins; almost all of the body's copper is bound to copper proteins.
Objectives: This study aimed to determine the prevalence of smokingamong junior high school students and some characteristics related to smoking, including personal characteristics, families and social characteristics.
To analyse indications of surgical treatment for Basedow's disease
Objective: Assess the characteristics of blood lipid disorders in outpatients at Binh Chanh Hospital Method: Prospective descriptive statistics with patients who visit Binh Chanh Hospital for health check from January, 2017 to May, 2017.
Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in patients over 18 years old with gastroesophageal reflux disease with extraesophageal symptoms who came to the outpatient clinic and underwent upper gastrointestinal endoscopy at the Gastroenterology - Hepatobiliary Center Bach Mai Hospital from 8/2021 to 6/2022.
DiangosticUltrasound found correctly 23 (71.9%) cases, false diagnosis 8 (25%) and not sure situation tumor 1 case (3.1%).
Alternatives include a carbapenem (eg, imipenem / cilastatin 500 mg IV every 6 hours) or combination therapy with metronidazole 500 mg every 8 hours plus penicillin 2 million units IV every 6 hours.
Conclusions: In department of Nephrology and Dialysis, Thong Nhat Hospital, Vietnam. High prevalence of anti-HCV (+) and lower prevalence HBsAg in chronic hemodialysis patients.
In addition, the content of total polyphenol and total flavonoid in the extracts were also investigated.
One case of avascular necrosis of femoral head was fused.
Treatment of Acute Coronary Syndromes Prehospital care: Oxygen, aspirin, and nitrates and triage to an appropriate medical center Drug treatment: Antiplatelet drugs, antianginal drugs, anticoagulants, and in some cases other drugs Often, angiography to assess coronary artery anatomy Often, reperfusion therapy: Fibrinolytics, percutaneous coronary intervention or coronary artery bypass surgery Supportive care Post-discharge cardiac rehabilitation and chronic management of coronary artery disease Treatment, including drug treatment, is designed to relieve distress, interrupt thrombosis, reverse ischemia, limit infarct size, reduce cardiac workload, and prevent and treat complications.
Prevalence of the thyrotoxic form is highest in Asian men. Andersen-Tawil syndrome is a rare, autosomal dominant disorder usually caused by mutations to the KCNJ2 gene located on chromosome 17q24.3 or, rarely, to the KCNJ5 gene.
Meningococcal B vaccine (MenB): Patients are given a 2-dose series of MenB-4C ≥ 1 month apart or a 3-dose series of MenB-FHbp at 0, 1 to 2, and 6 months (if dose 2 was given at least 6 months after dose 1, dose 3 is not needed).
In this paper we review the experience and update the data in international literature with the aim at supplying necessary information concerning the recognition and management of patients Hunter's syndrome who present cardiac involvement.
Radiation therapy is used for lesions that are symptomatic and for larger lesions that, if they progress, risk leading to pain, fracture, and / or a more difficult stabilization procedure.
Diagnosis of Mucous Membrane Pemphigoid Skin biopsy and direct immunofluorescence Prevalent mucosal involvement and scarring lesions help distinguish MMP from bullous pemphigoid.
The digital subtraction angiography is a gold standard for diagnosis and a method of treatment of IDAVFs.
Limitations of liver biopsy include Sampling error Occasional errors or uncertainty in cases of cholestasis Need for a skilled histopathologist Contraindications Absolute contraindications to liver biopsy include Patient's inability to remain still and to maintain brief expiration for the procedure Suspected vascular lesion (eg, hemangioma) Altered coagulation / hemostasis status Severe hypofibrinogenemia (as in the case of disseminated intravascular coagulation [DIC]) Determination of the procedural-related bleeding risk is complex and should be individualized, as classical markers of hemostasis (platelet count, international normalized ratio [INR]) have been shown to inaccurately predict bleeding tendency in patients with advanced liver disease.
Results: 51.1% of the participants were male, the average age was 36.5 years old.
Atrial fibrillation may also cause palpitations.
HLA gene is the most basic examination in renal transplantation.
Conclusion: The overall rate of refractive errors in students 11 to 14 years old was 22.5%, it is necessary to pay attention to building intervention models to control refractive errors.
Patients should be transported as soon as possible because deterioration can be rapid and complications (eg, bleeding, aspiration, worsening shock) become more likely as liver failure progresses.
The purpose of our paper is to describe the early outcome results after this operation and to define the risk factors influencing the genesis of postoprative morbility. Methods: A cross - sectional descriptive study was conducted in 78 patients were operated on laparoscopically between Febnuary 2007 and September 2010 for 45 perforated peptic ulcer and 33 duodenal ulcer.
After exams are provided as a prescription treatment of 91.5%, that these patients can be treated at medical facilities such as: 78.9% of Ho Chi Minh City and 71.9% of provinces. Conclusions: Patient visits have too load outpatient at Tu Du hospital, especially the morning, are the common diseases accounted for 70.0% more reason to visit as well as according to ICD10.
In particular, the patients who had many side effects and no improvement had odd ratio 6.43 times and 25.62 times higher than the other groups, respectively.
Conclusion: Surgical closure of PDA in under 10 kg weight children is safe and effective.
Bacteria in the acute infectious diarrheal diseases in adults and its antibiotic resistance
However, it is not always possible to suck up enough fluid or in case of pain, it is impossible to suck the fluid.
10 Patients with no retinopathy or nephropathy at baseline were evaluated in the primary prevention study, while those with established disease were evaluated in the secondary intervention study.
However, one example of this is I'm having a hard time imagining greeting people by shaking hands in the future, "Culver added.
Subjects of the study were 290 mothers who gave birth at Hanoi Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital in April 2020.
When the patient met the discharge criteria of GOLD 2021, the patient underwent a ventilatory polygraphy at the hospital.
Mild complication induced in 2 patients (1.9%).
Both sensations may be accompanied by nausea and vomiting or difficulty with balance, gait, or both.
Filling of the left heart structures and systemic blood flow is dependent on having an adequate atrial communication (stretched patent foramen ovale or actual atrial septal defect).
The purpose of this study was to assess the outcome after microsurgical subinguinal varicocelectomy in patients with varicocele associated infertility or scrotal pain.
Patient’s knowledge and attitude about the health education of nurser in department traditional medicine at thong nhat hospital
Diagnosis of tyrosinemia type II is by elevation of tyrosine in plasma, absence of succinylacetone in plasma or urine, and genetic testing; measurement of decreased enzyme activity in liver biopsy is usually not needed.
The research has described the treatment results of this group of patients, thereby making recommendations for obstetricians and surgeons on treatment orientation, improving the treatment efficiency of this group of patients, especially for women who want to get pregnant.
This aim of this study is to evaluate allergenicity of goat's milk containing differentk kinds of αS1CN.
Urgent thoracotomy is indicated in either of the following situations: Initial bleeding is > 1500 mL Bleeding is > 200 mL / hour for > 2 to 4 hours and causes respiratory or hemodynamic compromise or the need for repeated blood transfusions.
Materials and methods: Sample: Vitar Junior, syrup containing 1000 mg L-Arginine aspartate and 200 mg L-Lysine hydrochloride.
Describe the clinical, paraclinical characteristics and treatment of bronchiolitis in hospitalized infants < 6 months y-o
Keywords: thoraco - lumbar injuries
Method, materials and results: We retrospectively reviewed the record from our past five years of experience with colostomy treated at Viet Duc Hospital.
Case 3: a 26-year-old woman, had pregnancy just 10 months post-op.
Polymorphous truncal exanthem 5.
Of the 320 participants, most women were workers and a half had learned at high school or higher.
Patients with depression are treated with drugs and / or psychotherapy.
The level of clinical diagnostic accuracy compared with arthroscopy in the radial meniscus taer of 58.2% is the highest and the lowest at 7.5% both of meniscus (lateral and medial meniscus).
The pain of plantar nerve entrapment is often chronic, intractable, and aggravated by high-impact activities such as running.
The normal requirement is 400 mcg / day.
Methods: The longitudinal study followed up the infants with BW <1250 grams who were hospitalized in NICU at the Children's Hospital 1 from 01/06/2019 to 31/04/2020.
Patients also have an elevated risk of other cancers, including of the stomach, urinary tract, pancreas, biliary tree, gallbladder, small bowel, and brain.
The distance between the hand motor area localized on fMRI and the hand motor area localized on standardized MRI is 17.01 ± 3.63 mm on average and this distance is greater than 20 mm in 35.23% of cases.
Hepatitis and alcohol are the two main risk factors for HCC.
For infibulated females, recurrent urinary and / or gynecologic infection and scarring are possible.
Edema of the upper airways may cause respiratory distress and stridor; the stridor may be mistaken for asthma.
The newborn G6PD screening test on the GSP system recorded 79/4544 (1.745%) infants with a G6PD index ≤ 17.2U / dl identified as having a high risk of G6PD deficiency.
Certain substances in the vapor appear to lead to severe pulmonary injury.
Outreach hemophilia patient: Experience of National Institute of Hematology and Blood Transfusion
Acute mesenteric ischemia: four cases- report
Drugs such as cyclosporin and nifedipine and severe deficiencies (rare in the US) of niacin (causing pellagra) or vitamin C (causing scurvy) can cause gingivitis.
In sarcoidosis, hypercalcemia and hypercalciuria appear to be due to unregulated conversion of 25 (OH) D to 1, 25 (OH) 2D, presumably due to expression of the 1-alpha-hydroxylase enzyme in mononuclear cells within sarcoid granulomas.
Objectives: To describe the caracteristics of the deaths from HFMD at the Pediatric Hospital NoI - Ho Chi Minh City.
Materials and Methods: Cyclic fatigue test of 10 WO Gold Primary (25/0.07) and 10 Reciproc R25 (25/0.08) was performed in a 90-degree curved artificial canal until failure occurings.
100 patients with senile white mature cataracts were treated by either ECCE (50 patients) or phacoemulsification with chop or stop and chop technique (50 patients).
Conclusions: Target controlled infusion is safe and effective.
Heart Rhythm 16: e301-e372, 2019. doi: 10.1016 / j. hrthm.2019.05.007 Key Points Arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy is a genetic disorder in which myocytes are replaced by fibrofatty tissue, leading to arrhythmias and later right ventricular failure.
This type of obstruction is called obliterative hepatocavopathy.
2 tinctures were combined together in the ratio 1: 1 and were added with excipients and filter to obtain mixed tinctures.
Conclusion: The results showed that SST has promising reducing-level of ALT, AST, GGT enzymes effects in ethanol-induced mice, and quite safety after treatment for 2 months.
Results: There was statistically significant difference between patients has PET-CT and not PET-CT when we assess the stage of Lymphoma with p < 0.05 (p = 0, 000).
The early results of longo procedure in the treatment of the elder patients with hemorrhoids
Oral feeding was achieved in all cases.
Bulky dressings are used to immobilize fingers and hands.
Keywords: low-level laser therapy, elastomeric separator, fixed orthodontic.
Conclusion: The study revealed the association between some main clinical features andcauses of acute poisonings with alteration of level of consciousness.
The faeces in these patients may contain more fat (blue arrow).
Study on mastocyte disintegrate reaction for diagnosing asthma disease by house dust
When seen clinically, Most of them were solitary polyps (22 eyes - 95, 6%) and only one case of grape-like polyps.
If clinicians suspect severe swelling under a cast, the cast (and all padding) is cut open from end to end medially and laterally (bivalved).
Patients and Methods: This was a cross - sectional descriptive and retroprospective and single-center study.
The lesions with higher PI-RDAS classification have higher rate of cancer (higher rate of malignacy) (Spearman 0.68, p=0.0001).
Most of patients admitted to hospital were over 16 years old (55.75%), (Hemophilia A and B accounted for 52.7% and 73.07%).
The most common antibiotics used were Ceftriaxone + Gentamycine with 69.2%.
There are differences in the rate of ventilation disorders, in the group of workers divided by age, sex, exposure to dust.
No correlation between body mass index (BMI) and severity of illness (rho = - 0.03, and p value = 0.71).
Necrosis of intestine may also occur, predisposing to intestinal perforation, bacteremia, and sepsis.
Atrial fibrillation may also cause a phenomenon that mimics ventricular extrasystoles or ventricular tachycardia (Ashman phenomenon).
In ambulatory patients, exercise (eg, walking) is a desirable way to promote deep breathing.
Recipients of prolonged corticosteroid therapy should be evaluated for concurrent latent tuberculosis and strongyloidiasis.
Conclusion: The study successfully developed a antibacterial hand sanitizer gel supplemented with A vera as moisturizers.
Plx 407 contents of inMGF-NLC formulations were selected based on sol-gel transition at physiological temperature.
Most of the turmors is mixed echo (51.7%), followed by hypoechoic (32.4%).
With current modern radiographic techniques, anterior clinoid meningingioms were diagnosed early, classification of this tumors to choose a suitable operated method, achieved a good result the results, decreased morbidity and mortality rates.
Hydrogel spacers can be placed by transrectal needle placement to help reduce rectal toxicity.
There are standards for growth and weight gain in infants, children, and adolescents (see Physical Growth of Infants and Children).
A STUDY OF WOMEN'S CHOICES IN SEEKING MEDICAL ABORTION FOR GESTATIONAL AGE OF LESS THAN 8 WEEKS Objectives: To explore priorities and assess women choices in medical abortion.
Purpose: To present our experience in diagnosis and treatment of small bowel obstruction (SBO) due to phytobezoar (PBZ).
Inoculation of synovial fluid into aerobic blood culture bottles can improve detection of Kingella kingae.
Patients received up to 10 cycles of treatment if no progression and no prohibitive toxicities.
There are some studies on clinical features and therapies of savilary tumors in Vietnam.
Effects of diet rich in calcium and vitamin D with nutritional status in 9-year-old children in Hai Duong city
Investigating characteristics of bacteria causing acute exacerbation of copd in nguyen tri phuong hospital 2010- 2011.
Reflexes are normal but may be difficult to elicit because of marked tremor or rigidity.
99/2008 / QD-BNN & PTNT [103] Evaluate results of As, Pb, Cd, Cr and Hg content in seafood according to National Standards on food according to QCVN 8 - 2: 2012 / BYT [104] * Blood Pb and Cd were examined with atomic absorption spectroscopy 8 * 24 hour urinary As, ALA, Cr and Hg concentations were determined with atomic absorption spectroscopy and plasma mass spectrometry.
Result: 1 / Hairy antler has effect of improving the life quality of cancer patients.
AST, GGT showed weak positive correlation with liver fibrosis stage, Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (rho) 0.445 and 0.447 (p <0.001), respectively.
Skin infection and using antibiotic in departement general of children's hospital 2 in 2009
At the beginning of shock, 43.8% of patients had normal range of leukocyte and 0.9% of patients had leukocytosis.
Conclusions: Clinical and biochemical response were relatively high.
Accessible vascular access sites that are bleeding can be compressed.
It is 0.43 mm at the equator and 0.3 mm under the muscles, its thinnest point.
Psoas muscle abscess is an accumulation of pus in the muscle compartement caused by a deep infection.
A total of 144 boiled water and cooker food samples collected from 12 canteens were examined for selected microbiological parameters of the Decision No. 867/1998/QD-BYT issued by the Minister of Health on hygienic standards.
All the patients recovered well, resumed oral feeding at POD 1 day and was discharged POD 3.
The symptoms of venous hypertension were resolved after intervention in all cases. The postoperative average time in the hospital wasaround 2, 5 ± 0, 8days.
The role of endoscopic ultrasound in staging of esophageal cancer.
Do a thorough oropharyngeal examination.
Facial nerve paralysis 3/48, disclose facial nerve 12/48.
Central nervous system symptoms may follow.
83% of patients had VAS score reduced ≥ 2 after 2 weeks.
The prevalence of HDL-C increase was 47.1%, the average value HDL-C was 1.24 ± 0.33 mmol / l.
- Dissociation disorders of movement and sensation suddenly appear in 100% of studied cases.
There was no case in which graft went away or induced a retraction pouch or collapse.
Conclusion: The results of this study at Nhan Dan Gia Dinh hospital, although a small size trial, confirm that HFS is a disturbance of neuronal function, which is diagnosed by typical symtoms. Microvascular decompression is an effective method of treatment.
Chronic hepatic disorders Pregnancy may temporarily worsen cholestasis in primary biliary cirrhosis and other chronic cholestatic disorders, and the increased plasma volume during the 3rd trimester slightly increases risk of variceal hemorrhage in women with cirrhosis.
Ultrasonography has an important role in diagnosis of HPS due to safety, non-invasiveness and accuracy.
Methods: An observational study enrolling the patients was conducted to evaluate laparoscopic sacrocolpopexy as a treatment for pelvic organ prolapse from 8/2013 to 6/2015 at Unit of Female Urology - Binh Dan Hospital.
Keywords: Ischemic stroke, computed tomography angiography (CTA).
The specimen is incubated with known quantities of complement and the antigen that is the target of the antibody being measured.
Another report is the glucose management indicator, which provides an estimated HbA1c from mean CGM glucose levels, preferably from ≥ 14 days of data.
Factors that positively affect the ability to maintain clinical response after 12 months include: Prostate gland does not protrude into the bladder lumen, gland volume < 80mL, patient has prostatic artery embolization on both pelvic sites.
Patients - Methods: Descriptive, serial clinical cases study.
The tumor size affected significantly on visual acuity improvement, peri-operative complications.
Meningitis is one of the most common neurological infectious diseases in children and usually causes sequelae.
Objectives: Determination of in-vitro effects on bacteria standard, sensitivity, MIC - MBC, and the rate of antibiotic resistance pair Sulraapix and Sulperazone.
Much of the BCM work was done by Dr Mark McCauley, a cardiology fellow who was a post-doctoral fellow in the laboratory at the time, said Wehrens.
Key Points Excessive turning in (supination) of the ankles, wearing tight and pointed-toe shoes, and occasionally trauma increase the risk of prominences at the medial 1st metatarsal joints (bunions).
To make a proper primer selection, one has to identify the kind of acrylic resin and silicone.
Results and Conclusion: The average age: 53.8 ± 18.3, the percentage of Male / Female: 1.5/1.
- The value of the dissertation when providing scientific evidences about the achieved and unachieved points in the continuous training of traditional medicine in Thanh Hoa province, in addition, the dissertation has significantly contributed to scientific theory study, and also to practical experience in the Continuous medical education of traditional medicine in Thanh Hoa province.
Moles develop on nearly everybody, and are significant primarily because they can become dysplastic or malignant and need to be differentiated from melanoma.
Methods: We conducted a retrospective study in a series of 1114 children admitted in pediatric hospital no 2, from the january 2004 to december 2004, with acute bronchilitis.
Bacterial infections typically have more crusting than the viral type, which usually has more of a clear serous discharge.
Relation between platelet count and Child - Pugh classification was assessed using the one-way Anova test and Kruskal Wallis test Results: There was association between platelet number and serum albumin (r = 0.2038; p = 0.0045), bilirubin (r =-0.1067; p = 0.0014) and INR (r = - 0.1472; p = 0.0035).
The result showed that 6 derivatives have good influences on HEPG2 (substances 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 10); 7 derivatives have good activitives on MDA and RD (substances 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 10 and 12).
Other Arthropod Bites By Robert A Barish, MD, MBA, University of Illinois at Chicago; Thomas Arnold, MD, Department of Emergency Medicine, LSU Health Sciences Center Shreveport Reviewed / Revised Jan 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Treatment The more common biting non-tick arthropods in the US include Sand flies Horseflies Deerflies Blackflies Stable flies Mosquitoes Fleas Kissing bugs Lice Bedbugs Wheel bugs Certain water bugs All of these arthropods, except wheel bugs and water bugs, also suck blood, but none is venomous.
In preterm infants without respiratory or other compromise, a patent ductus arteriosus is typically not treated.
Results: Mean age of study participants was 67 (SD: 1.3), majority of them was male (67.3%).
Observation on frozen shoulder and effect of the joint capsule distension with X ray guide
Subject and method: A total of 477 patients diagnosed with HCC underwent transarterial chemoembolization (TACE).
Treatment of AHRF Noninvasive oxygenation support Mechanical ventilation if oxygen saturation is < 90% on high-flow oxygen AHRF is usually initially treated with 70 to 100% oxygen delivered noninvasively (eg, with a non-rebreather face mask.)
Among the immunohistochemical markers, D2 - 40 had only significant relation with Ki67 (p<0.05).
Describe the anthropometric indicators of neonatal in 20 communes in 4 districts of Thai Nguyen province and identify some factors related to the average birth weight and length of children.
The characteristics of powder were also examined.
3 patients had medical history of left colon diverticulitis.
The reasons for placing a free hand into the abdominal cavity were big colonic tumor with massive adhesions to adjacent organs or abdominal wall (2 cases), difficult dissection due to short splenic pedicle, coagulation disorder or splenic abscess (3 cases), small invisible distal pancreatic tumor (1 cm) which required direct touch sensibility (1 case), bleeding in distal pancreatectomy (1 case) or choledochal cyst resection.
Pathophysiology of Sarcoidosis The unknown antigen triggers a cell-mediated immune response that is characterized by the accumulation of T cells and macrophages, release of cytokines and chemokines, and organization of responding cells into granulomas.
All cases of creatinine and urea decreased after surgery and after one month returned to normal.
Relapse is common, but patients typically function well between episodes and have few or no symptoms.
Study subjects 2.1.1.Inclusion criteria for study patients.
Remote assessing result is monitored by X-ray and clinic based on various standards: bone union, bone axis, locomotion amplitude of articulation, rehabilitation.
Methods: Qualitative, simultaneous determination of betamethasone and dexchlorpheniramine maleate by high performance liquid chromatography.
Objectives: Reviews the effects of Duoderm on the healing wound process of superficial burns and similar superficial burn injuries.
Hypertension with no known cause (primary; formerly, essential, hypertension) is most common.
The rate of knee joint effusion decreased from 55.6% to 17.5%.
The efficacy of platelet - rich plasma therapy in treatment of primary knee osteoarthritis after 6 months
Gastrointestinal: Patients with diarrhea may benefit from loperamide.
Results of surgical treatment degenerative lumbar spinal stenosis with placing intraspine instrument
The Ministry of Health Vietnam has motivated a large campaign of hand hygiene in hospitals and community. The compliance of hand hygiene is still low, according to the Ministry of Health Vietnam.
If signs of GI rupture are present, immediate upright chest x-ray or CT is done to detect free air.
Bone heal in 100% cases.
Keywords: Colon cancer, Laparoscopic Colectomie, conversion, anastomotic leakage.
Emboli from the aorta may cause stroke or nephropathy.
In neoplastic mucinous lesions, the rate of serrated lesions, low-grade appendiceal mucinous neoplasms, high-grade appendiceal mucinous neoplasms, and mucinous adenocarcinomas was 14.0%, 69.9%, 10.8% and 5.4%, respectively. Serrated lesions included 3.2% of hyperplastic polyps, 3.2% of serrated lesions with no dysplasia, and 7.5% of dysplastic serrated lesions.
The diagnosis were confirmed by barium enema or rectal biopsy findings. Result: There were 283 patients included 189 boys and 94 girls.
Epidemiology Stroke is the second most common cause of morbidity worldwide (after myocardial infarction) and is the leading cause of acquired disability 2.
Conclusion: The prevalent rate and degree of disc degeneration increased by age meaning that age is risk factor for disc degeneration.
Patients with transient risk factors for DVT (eg, immobilization, surgery) can usually stop taking anticoagulants after 3 to 6 months.
Aim: Assessing the preeminent, safety in the Splenectomy Laparoscopic Surgery based on the efficiency of the Laparoscopic Surgery to the patients, such as less invasive surgery, less pain, short hospitalization period, aestheticism... as well as complications occur in patients with Splenectomy Laparoscopic surgery.
Objective: To evaluate the outcome of standard lymphadenectomy during pancreaticoduodenectomy in treatment patients with tumors in pancreatic-head area.
Vision test before surgery is quite low, average 1/10.
The average operative time was 127 ± 31.9 minutes.
Data were processed on SPSS 18.0 software, using descriptive statistical calculations and analyzing the relationship between worm reinfection with related factors by squared (χ²) test with p < 0.05.
1 case with severe mitral valve regurgitation (3.4%) and needed to be repair surgery.
General characteristics of patients Criteria for evaluating general characteristics of patients: - Anthropometric characteristics of the brain dead potential donors.
Clinical characteristics combining histopathological testing and direct fluorescent immunity and antibodies in the serum help diagnose the disease.
Subject and method: Cross sectional research, prospective and retrospective form with 24 patients underwent minimally invasive video - assisted open - heart surgery at Hanoi Heart Hospital from September 2016 to January 2018.
A multitude of reconstructive techniques has been used but none is perfect.
Set-upa procedure for hcv quantitation by real-time rt-pcr technique
Drug therapies The most commonly used drug is pentosan polysulfate sodium, a heparin - like molecule similar to urothelial glycosaminoglycan; doses of 100 mg orally 3 times a day may help restore the bladder's protective surface lining.
36 months overall survival in LNR <0.2 was 75% and 84% in LNR≥0.2, respectively.
Nutrition assessment was made using BMI, SGA and food intake.
Thus, hematuria was usually presented in older and in male.
Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of hydrophilic gel (Healit) in supporting skin care in shingles patients.
Patients with abnormal findings on prostate examination may have prostate cancer, benign prostatic hyperplasia, or prostatitis.
Pneumonia is one of infections that can lead to serious complications, which in some cases can be fatal, in a short time.
Keyword: Laparoscopic choledochal cyst excision, Advantage and disadvantage.
The antinociceptive effect of compound was investigated by tail immersion test and writhing test.
Methods: Retrospective study, surveying of patients in Cardiology Department at Cho Ray Hospital from October 2021 to May 2022.
The necrosis-fibrosis hypothesis posits that repeated attacks of acute pancreatitis with necrosis are key to the pathogenesis of chronic pancreatitis.
Nonsurgical treatment fails in about 40 to 70% of patients, necessitating surgical excision.
If shock is severe or if ventilation is inadequate, airway intubation with mechanical ventilation is necessary.
Pulmonary Contusion By Thomas G Weiser, MD, MPH, Stanford University School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Apr 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Diagnosis Treatment Pulmonary contusion is trauma-induced lung hemorrhage and edema without laceration.
Unicameral bone cyst Simple unicameral bone cysts occur in the long bones starting distal to the epiphyseal plate in children.
Background: Similar to other medical training institutions in Vietnam, the previous studies neither investigated perspectives nor the impacts of the OSCE on Nursing education and practice.
Women at high risk of aneuploidy (eg, those > 35 years, those who have had a child with Down syndrome) should be offered screening with maternal serum cell-free DNA.
Introductions: most of chronic arterial occlusion in lower extremities are due to atherosclerosis and Buerger's disease.
The research team used a cross-sectional descriptive research method on 208 primary school students from grade 1 to grade 5 at 4 primary schools in the district.
Nordic walking Nordic walking is a full-body walking exercise that incorporates adjustable length walking poles.
Surveying the correlation between hypertension and body mass index, waist circumference and waist hip ratio of people in hoa thanh ward, tan phu distrist
Unusual manifestations of a disorder: In older adults, typical manifestations of a disorder may be absent.
Key words: Anemia, iron supplements, anemia during pregnancy
Systemic antibiotics effective against skin flora are begun; a 1st-generation cephalosporin (eg, cephalexin 500 mg orally 4 times a day) or, for intraoral infection, penicillin 500 mg po qid, is typically used.
Results: Reduction of consumption morphine in the tiltration (12.35 ± 4.99 mg in group II, 12.35 ± 5.36 mg in group III with 15.35 ± 5.30 mg in group I), increase the success of tiltration (92.5% in group II, 65% in group III compared with 60% in group I) and a significant reduction in Perfalgan dose used immediately after the tiltration (0.10 ± 0.30 g in group II, 0.32 ± 0.47 g in group III compared 0.35 ± 0.48 g in group I. Conclusions: combination of morphine and the low-dose ketamine in the ratio 1: 1 has good pain relief so reduces the total dose of morphine consumed in the tiltration, thus increases the success of the tiltration and significantly reduced additive analgesic dose with low incidence of complications.
9 cases had wound infection, 5 cases had postoperative peritonitis due to anastomotic leakage, mortality was found in 1 case. Conclusion: Laparoscopic assisted colectomy is technically feasible and safe.
This report describes the pitfalls when perform a closed reduction to treat acute anterior dislocation of shoulder in a patient.
Hepatoprotective activities of houttuynia cordata extract on carbon tetrachloride induced hepatotoxicity ex vivo
Assessment of rationality showed that 19.3% of antibiotic prescriptions had inappropriate.
Laryngeal abscess is rare clinical entities, which could lead to a serious and worse illness or even amortal threat if patients are not diagnosed and cured in due course.
Diagnosis of Aortic Regurgitation Echocardiography Diagnosis of aortic regurgitation is suspected based on history and physical examination findings and confirmed by echocardiography.
Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted in 776 pregnant women HCMC.
Trichiasis differs from entropion in that the eyelid position is normal.
Visual acuity should be evaluated with patients wearing their usual corrective lenses if needed.
Barriers to adherence should be addressed before starting treatment.
Indications Lacerations of volar surfaces of hand and fingers, where simple interrupted sutures may cut through the skin Some wounds under tension, instead of a layered closure, if skin tension is not marked Parallel lacerations Scalp lacerations or lacerations with edges that are macerated, irregular, or have thick or thin edges Contraindications Absolute contraindications None Relative contraindications Wounds under marked tension Wounds that may be contaminated or relatively old and would be at higher risk of infection if closed by sutures, such as small bites to hands or feet, puncture wounds, or high-velocity missile wounds Wounds involving deep structures (eg, nerves, blood vessels, ducts, joints, tendons, bones) may require specialized techniques or referral to a surgical specialist, as should those covering large areas or involving the face or hands.
Pyridoxine is given if the neonate is exclusively breastfed.
As for why sleep duration might affect abdominal-fat gain, there are several theories.
Other extra-articular signs include vasculitis causing leg ulcers, digital ischemia, or multiple mononeuropathy (mononeuritis multiplex), pleural or pericardial effusions, obliterative bronchiolitis, interstitial lung disease, pericarditis, myocarditis, lymphadenopathy, Felty syndrome, Sjögren syndrome, scleromalacia, and episcleritis.
Methods: Phytochemical constituents of A squamosa were analysed by modified Ciuley method.
English summary: The survey conducted in 2358 subjects showed that the prevalence of diabetes and Impaired Fasting Glucose (IFG) was 3.6% and 12.4%, respectively.
TLC was used to investigate solvent systems for column chromatography.
At Doppler US no vascularity was seen in these foci (not shown).
Keywords: Traffic road accident, injuries, alcohol.
Conclusion: High jugular bulb was a quite common variant with a rate of 41.6% in the sample, and the incidence was 19.3% on both sides.
The time for injection of rTPA through ventricular drainage for the first dose administered at 24 hours, 72 hours and 72 hours after admission was 13, 8%; 51, 7%; 31%.
At birth, the brain is 25% of adult size, and head circumference averages 35 cm.
Keywords: Immunohistochemistry, colorectal polyp ≥ 1 cm size
Results: 41 patients with a CHADS2 score ≥ 2, received antiplatelet therapy was 61%, received sintrom was 29.2% and 9.8% of patients not treated.
Keywords: valvular heart disease, valvular sugery, rehabilitation, length of stay
In comments accompanying the survey, many physicians said they feared changes in the health care system would mean lower incomes in years to come, Medscape reports.
After 6 cycles, the complete response was 7.7%; partial response was 55.8%; progressive disease was 21.1%; the overall response rate after 3 cycles and 6 cycles is 63.5%; disease control rate after 6 cycles reached 78.8%.
Sheep, cattle, and goats are the principal reservoirs for human infection.
Diagnosis of Vitamin D Deficiency and Dependency Levels of 25 (OH) D (D2 + D3) Vitamin D deficiency may be suspected based on any of the following: A history of inadequate sunlight exposure or dietary intake Symptoms and signs of rickets, osteomalacia, or neonatal tetany Characteristic bone changes seen on x-ray X-rays of the radius and ulna plus serum levels of calcium, phosphate, alkaline phosphatase, parathyroid hormone (PTH), and 25 (OH) D are needed to differentiate vitamin D deficiency from other causes of bone demineralization.
Data from seven Vietnam Living Standard Surveys for the period 2002 - 2014 and JAHR reports 2013 and 2014 were used in the study.
- In brief, trigeminal dysfunction only suggested a lesion along the path of trigeminal nerve, no specific for trigeminal tumor.
Objective: Lumbar disc herniation is a common disease that affects the quality of life of patients.
25% of intestinal type tumors and 20% of diffuse type tumors overexpressed HER2.
Treatment of malignant giant cell tumor is similar to that of osteosarcoma, but the cure rate is low.
Diiodotyrosine + diiodotyrosine → T4 Diiodotyrosine + monoiodotyrosine → T3 Synthesis of thyroid hormones T3 and T4 remain incorporated in thyroglobulin within the follicle until the follicular cells take up thyroglobulin as colloid droplets.
However, they do not want to appear too competent lest they be abandoned.
Levothyroxine therapy is also indicated in pregnant women and in women who plan to become pregnant to avoid deleterious effects of hypothyroidism on the pregnancy and fetal development.
Objective: To assess the efficacy of Erythromycin per oral (p o) in promoting milk absorption by premature babies.
Serum T: LH ratio was also significantly lower in COVID-19 patients and was negatively associated with disease severity [18].
Evaluation criteria at the last follow-up examination - Improvement of clinical symptoms compared with that at the discharge time. - Evaluate treatment outcome based on the JOA scale.
The optimal cut off point for 25-OH-D concentration for predictor of metabolic syndrome as 26.4 ng / ml (AUC=0.657, sensitivity=53.4%, specificity=71.6%).
Ultrasonography can miss early or intermittent obstruction that does not dilate the ducts.
Clinical and pathological features of iga nephropathy in south vietnam
Result: Combination therapy was found to significantly reduce the IPSS at 6 months by 4.68 points compared with 0.02 points in doxazosin alone therapy (p<0.05).
Overall and disease-free survival was 27.2 and 27.6 months respectively.
Reductions of FEV1, FVC, and the ratio of FEV1/FVC are characteristic findings.
Recently, there are some reports of laparoscopic pyloroyotomy with good results.
For example, expression of the gene for insulin - like growth factor 2 is normally expressed only from the paternal allele.
In Vietnam this kind of treatment is not common, it has been performed in only some hospitals, so it is very important to understand and evaluate for further practice.
Objectives: the study aim to describe the situation of unhealthy diet behaviors and its related factors among adolecenses in Hanoi in 2019.
Indications Laceration or other surgically treated lesion of the volar surface of the radial (lateral) half of the hand from the thumb through the radial half of the ring finger and including the corresponding dorsal fingertip surfaces (excluding the thumb) * Ring removal from the index, middle, or ring finger Pain control for hand or digit fractures A nerve block has advantages over local anesthetic infiltration because it can cause less pain (eg, in palmar skin repair) and does not distort tissue. * To anesthetize the entire palm, also do an ulnar nerve block.
To evaluate the status of anticoagulation in atrial fibrillation (AF) patients with non-valvular lesion treated at Thaibinh Medical University Hospital.
Results: The rate of depression after acute ischemic stroke is 20.3%.
These sonograms show small ascites (asterisk) and gross skin edema (red arrows).
The average age was 11.4 ± 2 SD years.
In some patients with nonconvulsive status epilepticus, the EEG shows spikes, sharp waves, or spike and slow complexes.
The cause of Achilles tendon enthesopathy is chronic traction of the Achilles tendon on the calcaneus.
Subjects and research methods: Subjects: 167 patients and 167 healthy people.
The host cell then produces HIV RNA and HIV proteins.
Preseptal cellulitis usually begins superficial to the orbital septum, the membranous sheet that extends from the orbital rim into the upper and lower eyelid.
The time from exposure to alteration LOC was approximately 2 hours. The majority of patients admitted to the PCC in the first 24 hours after poisoning (87.2%).
However, until now there is lack of research on nutritional status and nutritional support by enteral or parenteral feeding in intensive care in hopsitals in Viet Nam.
Neonates of mothers with untreated gonorrhea should receive a single injection of ceftriaxone 25 to 50 mg / kg IM or IV, up to 125 mg (ceftriaxone should not be used in neonates with hyperbilirubinemia or those receiving calcium-containing fluids), and both mother and neonate should be screened for chlamydia infection, HIV, and syphilis.
- At the times N1, N2, and N3, the average NT-proBNP level in the group of patients with low cardiac output (CI <2.4 l / min / m2; CO <4.0 l / min) was higher than that in the group with normal cardiac output (CI ≥ 2.4 l / min / m2; CO ≥ 4.0 l / min), the difference was statistically significant with p <0.05.
Scrub Typhus (Tsutsugamushi Disease; Mite-Borne Typhus; Tropical Typhus) By William A Petri, Jr, MD, PhD, University of Virginia School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Mar 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Prevention Key Points Topic Resources Scrub Typhus Scrub typhus is a mite-borne disease caused by Orientia tsutsugamushi (formerly Rickettsia tsutsugamushi).
Aspartaste aminotransferase (AST) to platelet ratio index (APRI) has been proposed as an easily determined and quite accurate noninvasive marker of liver fibrosis.
Patients usually were symptomatic (92.9%).
At health services lacking of a microbiology laboratory, diagnosis of infectious diarrhea could be made based on the identification of leukocytes on stool exam.
2 In Vietnam, the sensory deltoid free flap has been used in Military Central Hospital 108 since 2005.
It can be used to manage hypertension during and after coronary artery bypass graft surgery, acute myocardial infarction, unstable angina pectoris, and acute pulmonary edema.
Do not do abdominal thrusts (Heimlich maneuver) on infants.
Valproate increases the risk of neural tube defects, congenital heart defects, genitourinary anomalies, musculoskeletal abnormalities, and cleft lip or palate.
Conclusions: Feature of elderly AKI patients treated by conservative treatment were as following: severe infection was less common and dehydration was more common cause of AKI.
After six months of intervention, prevalence of overweight / obesity reduced (from 43.5% to 37.8%, respectively), knowledge and practices on nutrition and physical activities improved in general.
Diagnosis of Atypical Moles Clinical evaluation Dermatoscopic evaluation Biopsy Regular physical examinations Atypical moles must be differentiated from melanoma.
Conclusion: the mean marginal gaps of the two groups were within the range of clinically acceptable values (<100µm).
Table Diagnosis Arterial blood gases (ABG) Serum electrolytes Anion gap calculated If metabolic acidosis is present, delta gap calculated and Winters formula applied Search for compensatory changes Evaluation is with ABG and serum electrolytes.
CT and MRI are more sensitive than ultrasound in detecting cysts and can be useful in equivocal cases and for measuring cyst and kidney volume, which can have prognostic implications.
Patients who do not respond in 3 to 4 weeks may receive an immunomodulator (eg, azathioprine, 6 - mercaptopurine), with or without an induction regimen of infliximab or adalimumab for more rapid response.
After the intervention, the 21 density of hospital admissions/1000 days of hospital stay decreased from 5.12 to 2.60.
The dose is 5 mg orally once a day, which is increased to 10 mg orally twice a day over about 4 weeks.
Total correction for Taussig-Bing anomaly with aortic arch anomalies: Intermediate outcomes from Vietnam National Children’s Hospital
Genitourinary, intestinal, and neurologic injuries may also occur.
Prevalance of anisometropia was 59.7%, myopia is the highest percent (97.6%) and hypermetropy is 2.4%.
Results: Mean age was 54.1 ± 13.5.
Methods: a retrospective cohort study was conducted using medical records of patients aged 40 years and older undergoing hip replacement.
Results: The sensibility of CDR was 87.50%, the specificity was 100% and the accuracy was 97.12%.
In terms of the cause, the Gram-negative bacilli increasingly dominant, and these factors, with the resistance on a high with antibiotics, making treatment more difficult than ever.
The average age of disease 53.5 ± 1.4 years.
In urticarial vasculitis, urticaria is accompanied by findings of cutaneous vasculitis; it should be considered when the urticaria is painful rather than pruritic, lasts > 48 hours, does not blanch, or is accompanied by vesicles or purpura.
Research on characteristic of aenemia in patient with type II diabetes
Clinically silent electrical seizure activity is often present after a hypoxic-ischemic insult (including perinatal asphyxia or stroke) and in neonates with CNS infections, especially after initial antiseizure medication treatment, which is more likely to stop clinical manifestations than electrical seizure activity.
The novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has affected over 100 million people and inflicted over 2 million deaths globally.
There was not difference between bilirubin indirect and LDH before and after transfusion.
Objectives: To evaluate the situation of health workers and capacity of sickbed utilization of district hospitals.
Some patients may require tracheal intubation (see Airway Establishment and Control / Tracheal Intubation) and induced coma.
80 incision areas of groin leg and 80 opposite areas which had no wound (each patient was taken 2 samples in this study).
Conclusions SH in children and adolescents may not be always asymptomatic.
Results: The rates of basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma were equal (43.2%), the rate of melanoma was lower (13.6%); 90.9% lesions had invated to the conjuntion membrane on pathology; Nodular basal cell carcinoma is the most common subtypes (78.9%); Well differentiated squamous cell carcinoma was accounted for 73.7%.
Conclusion: Penicillin is still the antibiotic of the first choice for GBS infection treatment in Hue Medicаl University Hospitаl; clindamycin or vancomycin could be used for penicillin-allergic patients.
Investigating characteristics and relationships between dysupidemia and diabetes risk factors among pre-diabetes in Ninh Binh
The age was from 8 months to 13.5 years old.
Risk of all these disorders is very low in healthy women who take hormone therapy for a short time after menopause.
Sore throat, headache, and fever can be treated with analgesics or antipyretics.
Nirmatrelvir is a protease inhibitor that cleaves a SARS-CoV-2 protein and therefore inhibits the virus from replicating.
Result: The mean age in the group with reduced physical function was statistically significant higher than those in the group without physical impairment (p<0.05).
The mean value of blood pressure level was decreased.
In chlamydial ophthalmia, systemic therapy is the treatment of choice, because at least half of affected neonates also have nasopharyngeal infection and some develop chlamydial pneumonia.
Prolonged motor and sensory block in lower extremities post spinal anesthesia is a rare complication.
Pupillary dilation (mydriasis) can push the iris into the angle and precipitate acute angle-closure glaucoma in any person with narrow angles.
We like to think that we're information sponges—that we absorb knowledge as it passes across our eyes—but it turns out that real learning happens when we actively engage with the material, like when we think about how it relates to other material we have learned or are learning.
- Identify additional 3 patients' negative results at 22oC, but positive results when performing reaction harmony using anti human globulin.
Face-to-face interview applied for getting risk factors of puberty, we compared the odd of the factors between with and without menarche.
Many factors affect the ability to have an erection (see Erectile Dysfunction).
2 points in TI-RADS.
More investigations should be done to find out the early stage of osteoarthritis of knee in the community.
Objective: To evaluate the satisfaction level of patients and side effects when using patient controlled epidural analgesia after gastrointestinal surgery.
The placenta should be examined and cultured as well.
The most common recurrent sites were lymph nodes (54.3%), peritoneum (50%), and liver (23.9%).
SIMV also delivers breaths at a set rate and volume that is synchronized to the patient's efforts.
A total of 11, 3% of cases treated ≤24 hours were dead and dependent at discharge compared with 25, 5% of those treated >24 hours (P=0, 059).
Methods: General anesthesia was used with double-lumen endotracheal tube.
Objectives: To find out some factors affecting ward around practice of nurses / midwives at Hanoi Obstetrics and Gynecology hospital in 2017.
Patient demographics, radiology findings, surgery results, peri-operative complications, hospital stay, pathological results and follow-up results were recorded.
The mice findings show MOTS-c improves not only metabolic function but muscle mass as well.
Keros classification on the left was significantly higher than that on the right side.
Patients with massive hemoptysis require treatment and stabilization before testing.
REQUEST Inoder to improve the health condition and extend the working age of seafarers, we suggest: - Need to rearrange the time of physical activities, entertainment, improve spiritual life for crew members during the voyage at sea - Need to supply more dry foods that are high in fiber; increasing fiber supplement by folk remedies such as making bean sprouts, growing vegetables in foam boxes on ships; supplement fresh vegetables when the ship arrives at the port.
One of the best ways to acquire resilience is through experiencing a difficult childhood, the sociologist Steven Stack reports in the Journal of Social Psychology.
Results ofsurgical treament of first - stage flexor tendon in zone II at Thai Nguyên national hospital and analysis of several factors affecting outcome of treatment.
The average time after resection 8.13 months, 3 patients appear recurrent cancer.
Follow-up visit for 2 weeks was made after using Mifepristone.
Subjects and Methods: The study was conducted in 422 patients with the third upper ureteral stones treated by retroperitoneal laparoscopic ureterolithotomy at Quang Tri Province hospital.
In Vietnam, there is no recorded data about permanent pacemaker implantation after transcatheter aortic valve in any cardiology center.
Research using SERVPERF tool to evaluate the following dimensions: tangibles, reliability, responsiveness, assurance, and empathy.
In advanced stages, weakness of the intrinsic muscles of the hand and the flexors of the ring and little fingers may develop.
There are still Covid-19 infections among those who have been vaccinated with various Covid-19 vaccine.
Background: Recent studies have demonstrated a possible role of homocysteine in the pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases but limited data has been reported in lupus erythematosus field.
The blood test is concluded decreased complement and positive anti-nucleus antibody.
Coughing is normal and represents lung re-expansion.
Identify some characteristics of skin damages in radiotherapy at Military Hospital 103.
Among homozygotes and compound heterozygotes, onset typically is in childhood, and symptoms are often severe.
Small molar group: the initial stable level of >45N / cm2 reached 28.5%.
Administrative causes were: intestinal obstructions (14 cas/56%), perforations (4 cas/16%), observating appendicitis (7 cas/28%).
Results: (1) Some results achievement: The rate of commune health centre (CHCs) with doctors increased from 58.2% to 66.4%; the rate of CHCs with midwives was 91, 5%; the rate of children under age 1 were vaccinated fully was 95, 5%; the malaria epidemics mostly had been controlled.
The scale was evaluated and tested by Cronbach's Alpha reliability coefficient and exploratory factor analysis - EFA.
The duration of diabetes in the study was 9.1 years.
91% of subjects knew measles was contagious; 85.4% knew that measles was transmitted by the respiratory system and 94.7% of subjects knew the danger level of measles.
Cellulitis can cause signs of inflammation but does not normally cause bursal effusion; cellulitis overlying the bursa is a relative contraindication to bursal puncture through the cellulitis, but if septic bursitis is strongly suspected, aspiration must be done.
The spine is percussed for focal tenderness.
Some of the atypical antipsychotic agents, in particular, clozapine and olanzapine, have been associated with weight gain, obesity, hypertriglyceridemia, and development of diabetes mellitus [19 - 22].
Before consulting, the control and intervention group s knowledge had an average (standard deviation) of 6.2 (± 2.5) and 6.0 (± 3.1), p = 0.682.
The mean concentrations were 16.99 μg / m3, 200.36 μg / m3 and 625.22 μg / m3 for benzene, toluene and xylene, respectively.
Methods: Using retrospective data of newborn babies, a screening test is done right after 48 hours from 08/2020 to 10/2020.
Complementary feeding practice of mothers with children under 2 years of age in the town of Bich Dong-Viet Yen district-Bac Giang province in 2014.
The factors of (1) Customer services and promotional activities (2) Price of safe vegetables and characteristics of safe vegetables, and (3) Origin of safe vegetables and packaging positively influence customers in Binh Duong province to buy safe vegetables.
The severity of Tics disorders was assessed by the YGTSS.
Peptic ulcers were seen in 32 cases (71.1%).
The apoB / apoA-I ratio is an independent predictor of intracranial atherosclerosis in ischemic stroke patients.
In 520 research cases, carbapenem was used mainly in the form of an empiric antibiotic regimen (89.6%), of which the initial treatment regimen was in accordance with the recommendations, accounting for 65.2%, Alternative treatment regimens in accordance with recommendations accounted for 88.3%.
Comparison of early results after d1 and d2 lymphadenectomy for distal gastric cancer
Conclusions: Pay attention in face of hematuria and search for bladder cancer in women.
Patients and methods: Follow-up study was carried out on 86 CML patients treated in NIHBT from 6/2010 - 6/2013.
Plastic, latex, or polyvinyl chloride catheters are for intermittent use.
Keywords: software, monitoring drug prescription, Ho Chi Minh City Dermatology Hospital
Endoscopy is also critical to exclude other causes of acute bleeding (eg, peptic ulcer), even in patients known to have varices; perhaps as many as one third of patients with known varices who have upper GI bleeding have a nonvariceal source.
After 48h, if the symptom was not improved, patient were treated with addition antibiotic according to the antibiogramme (if available) or to the conventional regime until infection was eliminated and well re-epithelized.
Diagnosis is based on a combination of history, physical examination, imaging tests, bronchoalveolar lavage, and biopsy.
The percentage of left liver volume increased after 7 days: 64.68 ± 23.1% and the average length of hospital stay was 11.2 ± 3.0 days. Conclusion: With careful donor selection, right donor hepatectomy for living donor liver transplantation gives good results with a low complication rate.
However, SLED method in Viet Nam was not studied very well.
There was a significant relationship between knowledge and attitude in controlling DF / DHF but no relationship between practice and knowledge, attitude in this study.
Anticancer effect of uvaria genus.
The role of central corneal thickness in the diagnosis of ocular hypertension and primary open angle glaucoma
Postoperation complications were lost of eyeball - eyelid synergies (88.5%), exposed sclera (88.5%), eye closed difficulty (46.2%); under correction after 1 week (7, 7%), after 3 months (0%); entropion after 1 week (3.8%), after 1 month (3, 8%), after 3 months (0%), keratitis after 1 week (11.5%), after 3 months (0%).
In order to determine signs of hemodynamic effects on echocardiography, additional criteria might be used: the ratio of PDA diameter / weight >1.4 and maximum diastolic velocity across the PDA <2m/s.
Objective: To define the prevalence and related factors of skin diseases in military personnel at 4th army corps college.
Speech is fluent but lacks meaning; a generic or related term may be used instead of the specific name of an object.
Usually, postvoiding residual volume is measured, renal ultrasonography is done to detect hydronephrosis, and serum creatinine is measured to assess renal function.
100% of patients received prophylactic antibiotics.
Therefore, the prevention and treatment of this complication play an important role.
However, despite some remarkable initial results using high-dose IVIG for toxic epidermal necrolysis, further clinical trials involving small cohorts have reported conflicting results, and a retrospective analysis has suggested no improvement or even higher than expected mortality (1).
Keywords: Quality of life, HIV / AIDS, WHOQoL-HIV Bref, Binh Phuoc.
2 - Comment on some clinical features and related factors in patients with changing test indicators.
As the serum sodium falls to < 115 mEq / L (< 115 mmol / L), stupor, neuromuscular hyperexcitability, hyperreflexia, seizures, coma, and death can result.
Intense exertion in a hot environment causes a sudden massive heat load that the body cannot modulate.
20% of parents of pediatric patients voluntarily test for detection of thalassemia disease.
The uterus is normally movable and smooth; irregularity suggests uterine fibroids (leiomyomas).
The next most common cause is an autoimmune disorder.
Because pieces of the ring may shatter and become projectile, eye protection is advised for the patient and person performing the procedure.
It uses age, lean body weight, and serum creatinine level.
Treatment is with observation and sometimes surgical repair; rarely, partial hepatectomy is necessary.
Six patients did not respond to eltrombopag treatment.
The wound healing effects of Berberine cream on experimental burn wounds
According of IKDC, 91, 7% patients rated as excellent and good, 8, 3% fair.
A cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted from January to April 2020 to describe the situation of and related factors to stress disorder among high school students in Hanoi during the period of social distancing due to the COVID-19 epidemic.
Conclusion: In our hospital, thoracoscopic surgery of mediastinal tumors is applied parallele to lung tumors.
A 2017 network meta-analysis in women with an intact uterus found that, compared to placebo, black cohosh decreased vasomotor menopausal symptoms.
Result: The proportions of satisfaction with registry service, room service, nursing service, treatment service, laboratory service and rehabilitation service was 97.8%, 97.1%, 99.6%, 99.6%, 97.4%, 80.3% respectively.
After applying Ca (OH) 2, 29.41% number of teeth were negative for bacteria, 13.72% number of teeth had decreased bacterial number, 37.25% number of teeth had decreased bacterial number and bacteria species Treatment results have shown that the rate of success after 6 month was 91.5%, the rate of success after 1 year was 95.7%.
Three different types of point mutations were found in three patients (10%).
However, this difference was not statistically significant, OR (95% CI): 1.045 (0.06 - 17.77).
There were no complications and there was no graft rejection.
29 In the DCCT The incidence of confirmed clinical neuropathy (defined as findings from the history and physical examination that were confirmed by neurologic testing) was reduced with intensive insulin therapy by 64% (5 versus 13%).
A study in lab mice has found that maternal exercise during pregnancy prevented the transmission of metabolic diseases from an obese parent - - either mother or father - - to child.
The non-surgery group had one fatal case of multiple organ dysfunction.
Elderly patients have 2 chronic diseases, 6 dugs and 11 hospitalized days by means.
Patient’s experience in nursing care and related factors.
Gastrointestinal tract Gastrointestinal complications include Feeding intolerance, with increased risk of aspiration Necrotizing enterocolitis Feeding intolerance is extremely common because preterm infants have a small stomach, immature sucking and swallowing reflexes, and inadequate gastric and intestinal motility.
Results and conclusions: 88 study patients (mean age 64, 57 ± 14, 42 years, 70, 5% male) had an average blood lactate concentration at admission of 1, 80 ± 0, 71 mmol / l, the lowest and highest values are 0, 7 and 4, 4 mmol / l, respectively, the interquartile range from 25% to 75% is 1, 2 and 2, 3 mmol / l, respectively.
Average score of each symptom: Frequency (1.57), nocturia (2.25), urgency (4.82), urgency urinary incontinence (1.0).
Be sure the guidewire passes through the dilator and that you control the proximal end of the wire before proceeding (so the guidewire is not lost within the airway).
Ketamin is a pharmaceutical compound that is abused as a narcotic drug, causing health problems for users.
Disease control rate was 71.7%.
A few strains release exotoxins that activate certain T cells, triggering release of cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukins, and other immunomodulators.
Other causes include atrial irritation (eg, pericarditis), drugs (eg, digoxin), alcohol, and toxic gas inhalation.
Awareness of sleep disturbances and related factors would help health provider to take care more comprehensive.
Talk to your doctor about other ways to manage your allergies if you take blood pressure medicine.
Poor prognostics related to renal, hepatic, repiratory system and multiple organ dysfunctions.
Relapsed or refractory ALL Leukemic cells may reappear in the bone marrow, CNS, testes, or other sites.
- Diagnosis of the position of right liver bile duct stones: sensitivity: Se = 95.65%, specificity: Sp = 94.73%, accuracy: Acc = 95.23%, positive predictive value: PPV = 95.65%, negative predictive value: NPV = 94.73%.
Red blood cell (RBC) casts and dysmorphic RBCs indicate glomerulonephritis or vasculitis but rarely may occur in acute tubular necrosis.
It is present mainly in the cytoplasm of polymorphonuclear granulocytes, and also in monocytes and macrophages, and is related to inflammatory cytokine activity.
Methods: We collected all patients with Hirschsprung disease at Children's Hospital 2 General Surgery Department from 6/2011 to 6/2012.
Research methods: Cross sectional study to investigate the prevalence of microalbuminuria in hypertensive patients.
STATUS OF MALNUTRITION AMONG CHILDREN UNDER 5 YEARS OLD IN HAI PHONG IN 2013 The study on status of malnutrition among children under 5 years old in Hai Phong in 2013 showed that: - The percentage of wasted malnutrition among children in the city (weight / age ratio) is 9.0%, of stunted malnutrition (height / age ratio) is 19.7%, of wasted and stunted malnutrition (weight / height ratio) is 5.6%, of which most of them are of malnutrition level 1. Of which, in urban districts the malnutrition percentage is 2.4% and 6.5% in rural districts.
Study on a preparation from garlic
The study design used a clinical trial method, without a control group.
However, seizures must be considered in patients presenting for apparent syncope because history may be unclear or unavailable, and some seizures do not cause tonic-clonic convulsions.
(2) To assess the patient's practical skills in inhalation technique.
Traditional medicinal plants of Thai minority in Quy Hop and Que Phong districs - Nghe An province
160 people agreed to participate in the study, completing the self-reported TMD symptom questionnaire from DC-TMD and the psychological assessment scales of DASS-21.
Angiotensin II receptor blockers and statins accounted for the highest proportion in the treatment of hypertension and hypercholesterolemia at the rate of 74% and 96.6%, respectively.
A study on extracting polyphenolic compounds indicates that antioxidant and antibacterial activities of barleria lupulina l.
Adult tapeworms produce proglottids, which become gravid; they detach from the tapeworm and migrate to the anus.
The clinical pregnancy rate is 24%.
When caused by acute injuries to the brain such as hypoxia-ischemia, stroke, or infection, neonates may have a series of seizures, but seizures typically abate after about 3 to 4 days; they may recur months to years later if brain damage has occurred.
Overall, chemotherapy alone (43.3%), radiotherapy alone (17.0%), sequential chemoradiation (13.5%) and concurrent chemoradiation (12.8%) were preferred as initial therapy.
Look inside the nose for any obvious obstructions.
The ratio of parents with stress after taking care of children was reduced to 27.33%, from 75.33% at before stage reduced to 48.00% at after stage, p < 0.001.
Cause of epistaxis: nosebleed is caused by injury at the highest rate, next hypertension and the unknown (respectively 43%, 28%, 12.9%).
There are some studies that mentioned the prognostic value of SUVmax before treatment for survival.
Conclusion: Hypertension after kidney transplant surgery was popular.
Antibiotic resistance rate in acute gastroenteritis patients with positive stool culture at the city childrens hospital
C-ACT questionnaires were used to assess levels of asthma control and asthma severity was classified by EPR-3 (Expert Panel Report - 3) guideline.
Results: The mean age was67 years old, ratio male / female=6: 1.
Microsurgical result of 10 lateral ventricular tumors at bachmai hospital
Factors related to outcome of microsurgical treatment of ruptured posterior communicating
Mechanism of action of miRNA in humans MiRNAs play an important role in networks that regulate and control complex biological processes involving cells, thereby controlling innate and adaptive immune responses.
Evaluation criteria were ojective response rate (ORR), overall survival (OS), toxicity and cause of death.
Absent beta cell function should be estimated in these patients by fasting C-peptide <1ng / ml to have suitable treatment for them.
Hair loss is the most common side effect, accounting for 100%, anorexia is quite common, accounting for 56, 5%.
Response of human bone marrow stem cells with biodentinetm
And alveolar cleft is one of the most important of these steps.
Pre-operative diagnosis may mimic an acoustic neurinoma on MRI and if the patient only has the symptoms of the VIII cranial nerve injury.
Purpose: The purpose of this study was to determine the effectiveness and safety of orthognathic surgery to correct severe dentofacial deformities performed at the National Hospital for Odonto-stomatology, HoChiMinh city.
Anxiety interferes with functioning.
Our analysis shows significant relations between the number and the categories of abnormal ultrasonographic findings and chromosomal abnormalities.
In addition, the experimental mouthwash appeared effective in significantly reducing plaque index, tongue coating scores and the counts of F n.
The success rate is as same as external dacryocystorhinostomy.
TMA could develop in patients with lupus nephritis.
Heart rate in patients with chronic coronary syndrome
Our research results show a link between age groups from 31 - 45 and adhere to poor treatment with TB / HIV.
If retinopathy shows progression, more frequent evaluation may be needed.
Volunteer to participate in research 2.1.2 Exclusion standards Patients with anesthesia and surgical complicat ions during the study period.
The results showed that the Cronbach alpha value of Vietnam MOH tool was higher than JSS, indicating a higher reliability of Vietnam MOH tool.
Diagnosis of CJD may be difficult.
61.5% MSM did not discuss to male partners about HIV or STDs.
Operation was a safety and effective procedure, 99, 04% lithiasisevacuation, missing lithiasis was 0, 96%, no death rate, low complication rate (5, 7%), easy for treatment.
Toxicity on liver, kidney, vomiting, fatigue, weight loss are at 1 - 2 levels.
Scapular manipulation can be done with the patient upright or prone.
Pointing the needle surface parallel to the longitudinal axis of the body and using the anesthetic prior to the puncture reduced the incidence of post lumbar puncture headache in clinical practice.
Pathological results: 32 cases with clear cell RCC, 5 cases with papillary RCC and 4 of chromophobe RCC.
- Over age group 60 and above have no control of asthma higher than the lower age group; The difference was statistically significant at p <0.05.
It is characterized by an abnormal mass of dysplastic lung tissue supplied by an anomalous systemic artery and separated from normal Bronchopulmonary tree.
Objectives: To identify the prevalence, clinical and laboratory findings and relative factors of vaginitis in patients at Ho Chi Minh City Hospital of Dermato-Verenology.
Tricuspid regurgitation and right ventricular dysfunction after mitral valve surgery concomitant tricuspid repair
Vaginitis, foreign bodies, and trauma are common causes of vaginal bleeding before menarche.
2. Evaluate the effectiveness of community-based health education and communication in methadone maintenance treatment.
Remove tumors surgically when possible and suppress diarrhea with octreotide.
Gait velocity (speed of walking) remains stable until about age 70; it then declines about 15% / decade for usual gait and 20% / decade for fast walking.
Conclusions: It is necessary to up-to-date therapeutic guidelines for acute asthma attack.
The average number of sleep disturbance days per week was 6.38 ± 1.34 days.
Genotyping of SNPs in IL-1B-511 C>T, IL-1B-1473 C > G, IL-10 - 1082 G > A, IL-10 - 592 C > A were determined by the Sequenom MassARRAY iPLEX Gold Platform technique.
In the first day after surgery, most patients accounted for 75.4% mild pain; while the second day with mild pain and moderate pain 38.9% and ratio 42.1%; next in the 3rd day primarily in mild pain level (38.1%) and little mild (42.1%.)
Thereafter, birth control pills with a progestin are given to maintain secondary sexual characteristics.
Place forearm on table with the hand palm up, off the edge of the table.
More attention should be paid to elderly patients, long-term inpatients, patient in external department and traning program about communication for nurse.
Peak expiratory flow is sometimes used to estimate degree of airway obstruction but depends on patient effort.
The rates of cases with tumor necrosis, perinephric fat invasion were 15.7% and 18.6%, respectively.
Signal averaging is also being investigated in various other cardiac disorders, ranging from the post-myocardial infarction state and cardiomyopathies to Brugada syndrome and ventricular aneurysms, and to assess efficacy of surgery to correct the arrhythmia.
The percentage of children aged 0 - 23 months offered more fluids during the illness was 33.2% in average; 45.4% offered food as usual and 56.4% offered both more fluid and continued feeding.
Research on characterics of clinical and para-clinical through typical clinical signs, diagntic imaging as well as bacteria helps to make early and appropriate treatment strategies.
Retrospective study of 91 BAT patients with CT scan who underwent surgery at Cho Ray hospital from January 2019 to September 2021, including 44 patients with SBMI requiring surgery and 47 patients undergoing surgery for other intra-abdominal causes, identified without associated SBMI (WBMI).
2012. doi: 10.1176 / appi. ap.10010006 Physician Aid in Dying Physician aid in dying (formerly, assisted suicide) refers to the assistance given by physicians to people who wish to end their life.
3 Chapter 1 LITERATURE OVERVIEW 1.1.
Conclusion: Our study shows that the prevalence of OSA in patients coming to Cho ray Hospital for snoring and troubles of sleep is 88.3% (53.4% severe cases).
Serogroup A is rare in the US.
All patient had their operation done without preorative colostomy.
Increased red blood cell turnover may be reflected as an iron deficiency state (eg, microcythemia), hyperuricemia, and hyperbilirubinemia.
Chronic lung involvement can lead to pulmonary fibrosis.
Patients with (i) age between 18 - 35; (ii) number of IVF cycles ≤2 and (iii) having at least one good blastocyst according to the Gardner's criterion were eligible to participate in the study.
RFA equipment is Radionic with the cool-tip (Valleylab, USA) and ultrasound unit is BK machine equipped with needle guide (Denmark).
PREVALENCE OF RICKETTSIA SPP. IN HUMANS IN BUON MA THUOT CITY, DAK LAK PROVINCE
Renal-ocular syndrome, acute tubulointerstitial nephritis plus uveitis, also occurs and is idiopathic.
In the type 1 form of VWD, results are concordant; ie, VWF antigen, VWF function, and plasma factor VIII level are equally depressed.
Results: In 32 OESA cases, Trong 32 ca được thực hiện OESA, PR was 57, 14% (12/21).
Conclusion: Correct knowledge to teething in infants need to be educated for parents (caretakers) and even for health professionals.
Objective: Evaluating the effects of propofol in anesthesia for endoscopic cholecystectomy clinically.
Specificity of 85% means that 595 (85% of 700) women without UTI would have a negative test result.
When activated by a laser beam directed on the tumor, this substance releases cytotoxic oxygen singlets that destroy tumor cells.
Study of characteristics of lymph node metastasis in patients with low rectal cancer undergoing laparoscopic abdominoperineal resection
Results: Participants who were high school graduates exhibited significantly higher awareness of periodontitis (p=0.001), better association between periodontitis and CAD (p=0.000), as well as positive oral hygiene attitude and practice (p=0.000).
Especially, high energy soup productions by oral for cancer patient in the period of treating by chemotherapy treatment when patient had signs of loss appetite due to side-effects of chemotherapy.
If the diagnosis is in doubt, laboratory confirmation can be done; it requires one of the following: Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for viral DNA Immunofluorescent detection of viral antigen in lesions Serologic tests Viral culture Tzanck smear In serologic tests, detection of IgM antibodies to varicella-zoster virus (VZV) or seroconversion from negative to positive for antibodies to VZV indicate acute infection.
Methods: In a prospective study, forty eyes of 38 patients (mean age 70.78 ± 8.7 years, range: 50 - 88 years) with cataract and 1 diopter or more of topographic corneal astigmatism were randomly divided into two groups: eyes that underwent phaco surgery with on-axis incisions consisting of a single clear corneal incision centered on the steepest corneal meridian (control group) and eyes that underwent phaco surgery with limbal relaxing incisions consisting of 2 arcuate incisions straddling the steepest corneal meridian associated with on-axis incision (cataract LRI group).
No critical complications were seen in our study.
We inflated the expanding balloon with Saline or air to create a working space, 400 - 500ml; except the 2 cases of conversion and 1 case with reoperation, 3 ports were used in 11 cases, 4 ports in 26 cases.
Introduction: Lower genital tract infections is one of the most common deseases among women in reproductive age and affects the quality of their lives.
The abscess may perforate into the subphrenic space, right pleural cavity, right lung, or other adjacent organs (eg, pericardium).
If atypical lymphocytes are present, a viral infection is likely.
Change of SVRI over time The SVRI index increased gradually over time and gradually reached a value above 1700dyne.s.cm-
Sigmoidoscopy or colonoscopy should be considered when routine stool examinations are negative and amebiasis is suspected in patients with persistent gastrointestinal symptoms.
When treatment is required, it is aimed at relieving patients' distress and helping them adapt to rather than trying to dissuade them from their identity.
The correlation coefficient between the level of asthma control of ACT and all the domains of AQLQ (S), the symptoms domain, activity limitation, emotional function, environmental stimuli are: 0.76; 0.82; 0.58; 0.62 and 0.44 (p=0.0000).
The rate of pancreatic fistula and the mortality rate after reoperation are still high.
Tamanu oil, Labrafac PGÒ, Tween 20, Tween 80, Span 80, water, ethanol 10% and ethanol 20% were used to study the formulation of microemulsion by titration method.
Keywords: Platelet Rich Plasma, (PRP), diabectic mellicus, foot ulcer
Open nephrolithotomy for staghorrn calculi at Viet-Tiep Hospital from 2000-2012
37 patients have hypertrophy inferior tubinate: soft (57.8%), both side (67.6%).
Materials and Methods: We evaluated on 38 patients with urinary disorders due to benign prostatic hyperplasia, undergoing surgery to remove hypertrophic benign prostate by Holmium laser from april 2020 to August 2020.
Evaluation of major cardiovascular complications including: all-cause mortality, stent thrombosis, myocardial infarction, and brain stroke at 30 days and 12 months for both study groups.
Results: The mean blood cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglycerides levels increase with age in both men and women.
With a combination of 3 drug groups, the most common combination was ACE inhibitors, calcium inhibitors and adrenergic inhibitors.
Consultation with a poison control center or toxicologist is recommended.
To diagnose depression, we used the PHQ-9 scale to interview face-to-face with households.
Patients with portopulmonary hypertension have been noted to have a significantly reduced BMP9 level when compared to control patients with advanced liver disease.
Thesis title: Microbiological laboratory capability and antibiotic resistance at some provincial general hospitals from 2012 to 2015.
Background: Overweight / obesity is serious health problem. It is not only existing in developed countries, but also increasing in developing countries.
Conversely, if there is a high clinical suspicion of PE and the risk of bleeding is low, immediate anticoagulation should be considered while the diagnosis is confirmed with additional tests.
45.7% of patients had a combination of 3 metabolic factors which the most commonly was "a large waistline - a high triglycerid level - a low HDL-C level".
Alternatively (for consideration outside the US), the following may be used: HPV4 or HPV2 for females HPV4 for males, including those who have sex with men Contraindications and Precautions of HPV Vaccine Contraindications for HPV vaccine include A severe allergic reaction (eg, anaphylaxis) after previous dose or to a vaccine component Pregnancy Although HPV vaccines are not recommended for pregnant women, pregnancy testing is not needed before vaccination.
Therefore, we evaluated total diet and ASF intake among non-pregnant women of reproductive age with body mass index (BMI, kg / m2) less than 18.5 living in the Cam Khe district of Phu Tho province.
However, little is known about comparative efficacies of such treatments.
If delirium occurs, oxygenation should be assessed, and all nonessential drugs should be stopped.
Some vaccinations can cause fever either in the first 24 to 48 hours after the vaccine is given (eg, with pertussis vaccination) or 1 to 2 weeks after the vaccine is given (eg, with measles vaccination).
Keywords: laser surgery, Tm: YAG, vaporesection, benign prostatic hyperplasia.
It is characterized by sudden loss of arterial pressure with momentary persistence of sinus rhythm and often by signs of cardiac tamponade.
Results: The most common age group for tubal pregnancy is 25 - 34 years old (59.1%), and the least common is under 20 years old (1.1%).
Bladder Cancer By Thenappan Chandrasekar, MD, Thomas Jefferson University Reviewed / Revised Jan 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Prognosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Cystoscopy (Bladder Cancer) Bladder Cancer (CT Scan) AJCC / TNM * Staging of Bladder... TNM Definitions for Bladder... Bladder cancer is usually transitional cell (urothelial) carcinoma.
Treatment of Pain By James C Watson, MD, Mayo Clinic College of Medicine and Science Reviewed / Revised Mar 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Nonopioid Analgesics Opioid Analgesics Adjuvant Analgesic Drugs Neural Blockade Neuromodulation Geriatrics Essentials Topic Resources Nonopioid Analgesics Opioid Analgesics Equianalgesic Doses of Opioid... Drugs for Neuropathic Pain Nonopioid and opioid analgesics are the main drugs used to treat pain.
Treatment results of triple breast cancer patients treated at K Hospital from 2005 to 2007
Materials and methods: The studying group included 42 gastric cancer's patients who were examinated and treated in cancerology service of Hue University Hospital and gastroenterology service of Hue Central Hospital. The control group included 30 healthy normal examinated at Hue University Hospital.
Evaluating the results of treatment of patients with acute ischemic stroke at Stroke center of Thai Nguyen National Hospital.
Most neonates with early-onset group B streptococcus (and many with L monocytogenes) infection present with respiratory distress that is difficult to distinguish from respiratory distress syndrome.
The pH values and serum lactate levels in the survival group improved significantly from the 48th hour (p< 0.05) and from the 6th hour (p< 0.05), respectively.
The balloon inflates during each diastole, augmenting coronary artery perfusion, and deflates during systole, decreasing afterload.
Common clinical presentations are dysnea, purple.
Specifically, when 2-hour postprandial glucose levels are maintained below 120 mg / dL, approximately 20% of fetuses demonstrate macrosomia.
Sensitivity was 100%, specificity was 96%, positive predictive valure was 91.7%, negative predictive value was 100%, overall accuracy value was 97.2%, false negative rate was 3.8%.
Complications Complications of GERD are due mainly to irritation caused by stomach acid and to caloric deficit caused by the frequent regurgitation of food.
Conclusion: The prevalence of biliary lithiasis of people over 50 years old in Ho Chi Minh City is 6.3% almost are gall bladder stone.
Methods & Materials: Cross-sectional study of 41 patients with hypopharyngeal cancer with second primary tumor cat National Hospital of Otolaryngology.
Nutritional status of patients with mechanical ventilation at the intensive care unit, Dong Da general hospital in 2019
The patient was indicated for the hyperbaric oxygen therapy following the ministry of healths regimen.
Complications may include Fetal growth restriction Preterm delivery due to preeclampsia Congenital heart block due to maternal antibodies that cross the placenta Significant preexisting renal or cardiac complications increase risk of maternal morbidity and mortality.
Results: Minimum maintenance vaginal level and rate in postmenopausal women: Vaginal irritation is the highest rate: 55, 7%, painful in intercourse activity 41, 8%, vaginal dryness 33%, vaginal very pale 15, 4%, vaginal bleeding 15%, thin endometrium 11%, vaginal discharge 5, 9% and vaginal becomes short and narrow 1, 8%.
With the dec-rease of GFR the decline in the activity of 1α-hydroxylase occurs.
Frontal ulcers are the majority (70, 3%).
Vitamin B12 may be needed to correct megaloblastic anemia if present.
This forces the air into the eustachian tube and middle ear.
The results of surgery treatment of extensor tendon injury at Viet Duc hospital
Machine breathing time before stopping mechanical ventilation.
This study shows that the Dao ethnic group st study area has rich experience in using medicinal plants in disease treatment.
After the spell, the heart speeds up again, breathing restarts, and consciousness returns without any treatment.
An electrical gradient develops which causes the heart to send electrical signals when it shouldn't.
Keywords: Medulloblastoma, classic, desmoplastic / nodular, extensive nodularity, anaplastic / large cell.
Do two class types influence differently to the practitioner health?
Laparoscopic surgery is one surgical approach available; however, complete surgical excision, with negative margins, is the absolute requirement.
The proportion of contraindications to pharmacological measures was 3.9%.
The patients were determined as having hypertension accompanied with abdominal mass.
Image provided by Thomas Habif, MD. Overall, the most common causes of rash in infants and young children include Diaper rash (with or without candidal infection) Seborrhea Atopic dermatitis (eczema) Viral exanthem Numerous viral infections cause rash.
Folate reduces risk of neural tube defects.
The level of postoperative pain in the tonsillectomy group with plasma was 19.98%, 35.47% and 60% lower, respectively, on days 1, 5 and 12 after surgery than in the classic group (with p<0.001).
Lymph node aspirates are rarely culture-positive.
Keywords: the outcomes between the supine and prone position in percutaneous nephrolithotomy
Evaluation of optic disc welling by using ultrasonography and optical coherence tomography
Results of 292 eyes were compared with an IOP range of 8 - 75 mmHg after Goldmann tonometer.
Results: In 15 months (June2000-August2001) we have performed hepatic resection with IOUS in 22 cases of HCC included 17 males and 5 females.
Method: The cross-sectional studies on HBsAg quantification of IC and AC groups of CHB patients (defined by prospective combined with retrospective inspection of HBVDNA, ALT) done at the out-patient liver clinic at UMP University Medical Center of HCMC fromDecember 2013 to June 2014.
Papillary carcinoma arising in a thyroglossal cyst is rare and mainly detected after surgery.
However, the focus of the examination is the abdomen, beginning with inspection and auscultation, followed by palpation and percussion.
Evaluation of result of microsurgical treatment for falx and parasagittal sinus meningiomas
Dental x-rays reveal alveolar bone loss adjacent to the periodontal pockets.
Sequencing analysis detected a heterozygous mutation in SCN5A exon 12, c.1673A>G (p His558Arg).
Heavy alcohol use is also common, and adolescent drinkers may have significant alcohol toxicity.
Atrial Septal Defect (ASD) By Lee B Beerman, MD, Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Apr 2023 View Patient Education Pathophysiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points More Information Topic Resources Split Second Heart Sound... Normal circulation with represent... Atrial septal defect Overview of Atrial Septal... An atrial septal defect (ASD) is an opening in the interatrial septum, causing a left-to-right shunt and volume overload of the right atrium and right ventricle.
Conclusion: There was a high prevalance of stressed medical students. Training students on coping strategies, reducing stressor-related medical training and enhancing relative supports to the students will improve this condition.
Keywords: mediastinal tumor, thymoma, lymphoma, germ cell tumor, neurogenic tumor, cyst, mesenchymal tumor, schwannoma, solitary fibrous tumor, nodular sclerosis.
The T4 should then be discontinued, and the patient reevaluated in four to six weeks to be sure that the hypothyroidism is not permanent.
Methods: A cross-sectional study.
Keywords: Psoriasis vulgaris, cardiovascular risk factor.
4 cases were diagnosed by US and IVP but had no obvious obstruction in scintigraphy.
Depression, anxiety and stress, and related factors of healthcare workers in Ho Chi Minh city
Lesions can be any of the following: Puncta only Purpuric macules Erythematous macules, papules, or wheals, often pruritic, each with a central hemorrhagic punctum Bullae Lesions may form linear patterns or may be seen in groups.
Thanks to increased counseling and increased compliance rates and improved blood sugar index.
Notably, side effects vary considerably according to the recipient's age and sex, with more severe effects in females than males and in younger people than the elderly (11).
Compared with the predicted quadratic form from the published result, parallel coordinates view has taken the cause and effect relationship and a more accurate visualisation.
Left lung solitary nodule 44.9%, of which the upper lobe 69.9% and the lower lobe 30.1%.
Comparison of pain levels in the study group and the control group at the respective time points.
Regarding clinical epistaxis: positions and causes.
It is necessary to strengthen communication and education on the content of drug compliance, lifestyle changes, and periodic re-examination for patients.
(See also Overview of Foreign Bodies in the Gastrointestinal Tract.)
Estimation of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) based on creatinine and cystatin C values in the blood
The feasibility was 93.5%.
Finding from posttest of intervention, the prevalence of depression in intervention group and control group was 12.4% (mild 7.7%, moderate 4.7%), 19.5% (mild 13.8%; moderate 5.5%), respectively.
Biliary excretion: Tiny canaliculi formed by adjacent hepatocytes progressively coalesce into ductules, interlobular bile ducts, and larger hepatic ducts.
Other barriers are gender barriers, lack of human resources, and budget.
Anal sphincter tone is usually diminished.
Although the hyperthyroidism is usually mild and transient, it may rarely be associated with serious side effects such as ventricular tachycardia and thyroid storm [14, 15].
Healthcare is one of the large and fast-growing service industries.
Oliguria By Cherisse Berry, MD, New York University School of Medicine Reviewed / Revised Dec 2022 View Patient Education Etiology Evaluation Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Fractional Excretion of Sodium Some Causes of Oliguria Oliguria is urine output < 500 mL in 24 hours in an adult or < 0.5 mL / kg / hour in an adult or child (< 1 mL / kg / hour in neonates).
Echocardiography combined with fluoroscopy could be identified as the diagnosis of pannus.
The Xpert MTB / RIF NAAT is more sensitive than sputum smear microscopy and about as sensitive as culture for diagnosing TB.
The patients in the study sample used antiplatelet drugs.
Keyword: Overweight, obesity, knowledge, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, adults, Ha Noi.
Results: Patients in group ≥ 65 years old received the conservatively medical approach much more frequently than the group < 65 years old (48.1% compared with 22.9%, p<0.001).
Usually the pain occurs without swelling.
Keywords: Parkinson disease, treatment, motor fluctuation, dyskinesia
Success rate was 97.67%.
To prevent false results, phlebotomy personnel should not rapidly aspirate blood through a narrow-gauge needle or excessively agitate blood samples.
Effect of antibiotic prophylaxis in laparoscopic cholecystectomy
None of the cases was classified as ASA IV / IV-E, V / V-E or VI.
So, when you learn about the various diuretics, do not practice all the thiazides followed by all the loops; instead, interleave them, and mix up how you learn things!
Above 3000 m (10, 000 ft), climbers should not increase their sleeping altitude by more than 300 - 500 m (1000 to 1600 ft) per day and should include a rest day (ie, sleep at the same altitude) every 3 to 4 days.
Complications are rare, includes 02 cases had air in stomach, 02 cases had nasal ulcer and inflammation and 01 case had mild pneumothorax.
Coagulopathy manifests as bleeding from the uterus and / or sites of incisions and venipuncture.
Plasma exchange, which may clear circulating antibodies more rapidly, has been used with some success.
Prader-Willi syndrome is characterized by diminished fetal activity, muscular hypotonia, and failure to thrive during early childhood followed later by obesity, intellectual disability, and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
However, the REDUCE-IT trial, which enrolled patients with established cardiovascular disease or with diabetes and other risk factors plus elevated triglyceride levels despite statin treatment, reported a significant reduction in MACE (major adverse cardiac events) using the prescription pharmacologic agent icosapent ethyl (6).
Chest x-ray, ECG, and an objective test of cardiac function, typically echocardiography, should be done (see figure).
Conclusion: BCP powders were successfully synthesized from an aqueous suspension containing Ca (NO3) 2 and (NH4) 2HPO4 with an assistance of ultra-sonication.
Conclusion: This study shows that there were a few factors that related to knowledge of patients with heart failure disease and some that did not related to the knowledge of patients with heart failure disease.
Therefore, hormone therapy has become a standard therapy in hormone receptor-positive breast cancer for a century.
Chronic frontal sinusitis may be managed either with osteoplastic obliteration of the frontal sinuses or endoscopically in selected patients.
Serum cardiac markers are measured if acute symptoms or chest pain is present.
Conclusions: Hypothyroidism and subclinical hypothyroidism in children with steroid resistant nephrotic syndrome related to massive proteinuria.
The objective of the study was to determine the rate of dyslipidemia in people aged 60 - 74 years in 4 rural communes in Thai Binh province. We obtained the following results: The prevalence of lipid disorders in people aged 60 - 74 years was 65.9%; Age group of 70 - 74 years old had the highest rate of dyslipidemia (86.1%) followed by age group of 65 - 69 years (64.4%), and then the age group of 60 - 64 years (52.1%).
INTEM A5, INTEM α, EXTEM A5, EXTEM A10, FIBTEM MCF, FIBTEM A5, FIBTEM A10, FIBTEM A20, FIBTEM A30 correlated with postoperative bleeding stronger than APTT (R) and fibrinogen.
Image courtesy of William R Shapiro, MD. Anaplastic Astrocytoma This T2-FLAIR MRI scan shows a white signal in the posterior temporal lobe.
74.79% patients respond well to medication.
Congenital cholesteatoma: Clinical features and treatment results
Choice of pecking line on the kidney for taking coral and kidney gig gravel
Objectives: Determination the nutritional and dietetics status of drug-resistant epilepsy patients applying Ketogenic diets.
Unstable angina is the most frequently setting among patients with ACS (65, 2%).
Clavicle Fractures By Danielle Campagne, MD, University of California, San Francisco Reviewed / Revised Dec 2022 View Patient Education Etiology Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Class B clavicular fractures Clavicle Fracture Clavicle fractures are among the most common fractures, particularly among children.
Paraphimosis is entrapment of the foreskin in the retracted position; it is a medical emergency.
Barrier protection is recommended, but isolation of patients is of no value.
Clinical nurses' knowledge of prevention and handle of sharp object exposure in injection at Soc Trang general hospital in 2021
SLN mapping therefore decreases the number of full pelvic lymphadenectomies, which can have adverse effects (eg, lymphedema, nerve damage).
The correlation of admission GCS and 6 month GOSE was 0.658.
Most maternal deaths due to postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) occur in low-income countries in settings (both hospital and community) where there are no birth attendants or where birth attendants lack the necessary skills or equipment to prevent and manage PPH and shock.
The primary complication of anticoagulation therapy is bleeding, and patients should be closely observed for bleeding during hospitalization.
In purely HIV-associated dementia, subcortical pathologic changes result when infected macrophages or microglial cells infiltrate into the deep gray matter (ie, basal ganglia, thalamus) and white matter.
According to the association, we recommend genetic testing for women with unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss.
That organization work of food safety and hygiene to meet much difficulty.
Methods: From 2/2020 to 5/2022, 45 patients who diagnosed of paroxysmal and persistent atrial fibrillation underwent RF ablation, chest CT scan obtained to evaluate left atrium and pulmonary veins at the Cardiovascular Center - E Hospital. Results: The mean age was 56.1±11.8, male / female was 3/1.
Conclusion: it is necessary to receive early treatment and combine some of methods to minimize disability and improve the patient's quality of life.
Less often, the primary focus progresses immediately, causing acute illness with pneumonia (sometimes cavitary), pleural effusion, and marked mediastinal or hilar lymph node enlargement (which, in children, may compress bronchi).
Other serious injuries (eg, head and internal injuries, lacerations) occur in about 10% of falls.
A variety of neuroprotective agents have been and are being studied, but thus far, none has demonstrated efficacy in clinical trials.
Patients with granulomatosis with polyangiitis may have nasal mucosal lesions.
- Disease classified as stage I to IIIA according to the TNM classificat ion of AJCC (2017) by CTscan prior to surgery.
Data was collected through a structure questionnaire. All women enrolled in the study were offered and received pelvic examination with four tests: VIA, a Pap smear, colposcopy with biopsy.
Psychotherapy can help a woman learn to better cope with the symptoms; stress reduction and relaxation techniques and meditation can help relieve tension and strain.
The results of our study are consistent with Le Hong Minh [28], Do Thi Hai [22], Le Hoang lan [26].
Therefore, early detection of people with type 2 diabetes mellitus is important in reducing the burden of complications.
Method: case report study.
Conclusions: Special attention and care should be paid to the group of women experiencing great and severe nausea and vomiting (11.5).
Consider incisional surgery if laser surgery and / or topical medications are not effective or if visual loss is severe.
Or the fracture can be immobilized until muscle spasm subsides, usually for a few days, and then the patient can be reexamined.
Chromatographic conditions include: column reversed phase C18, mobile phases in gradient mode with two channels of H2O and MeOH containing 0.1% formic acid and 10 mM ammonium formate.
The correlation of magnetic resonance imaging – pathological thigh muscles with clinical and laboratory features in patients with polymyositis and dermatomyositis
On CT scan, free abdominal fluid was the most common sign with 35/35 (100%) cases, and free abdominal air was 27/35 (77.1%).
Antivirals During Pregnancy Some antivirals (eg, zidovudine and ritonavir for HIV infection) have been safely used during pregnancy for many years.
Science issues and little known applications of finger print
Methods: A cross-sectional study was undertaken on 510 overweight and obesity children from 10 to 15 years old.
Active infection usually involves ≤ 20 lice and causes severe pruritus.
Treatment is continued indefinitely because, once treatment is stopped, hair loss resumes.
Varying degrees of atrioventricular block and low QRS complexes are also seen in patients with hypothyroidism.
Symptoms and signs include foreign body sensation, lacrimation, photophobia, and conjunctival hyperemia.
The incidence of asthma was 6.25%.
Eating Problems in Children By Stephen Brian Sulkes, MD, Golisano Children's Hospital at Strong, University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry Reviewed / Revised Apr 2023 View Patient Education More Information Eating problems range from age-appropriate variability in appetite to serious or even life-threatening eating disorders such as anorexia nervosa, bulimia nervosa, and binge eating.
To remove hair, clip rather than shave it.
Risk factors for multiple pregnancy include Ovarian stimulation (usually with clomiphene or gonadotropins) Assisted reproduction (eg, in vitro fertilization) Prior multifetal pregnancy Advanced maternal age West African descent Complications Multifetal pregnancy increases the risk of Preeclampsia Gestational diabetes Postpartum hemorrhage Cesarean delivery Preterm delivery Growth restriction Stillbirth Neonatal death, largely due to prematurity Postpartum depression The overdistended uterus tends to stimulate preterm labor, causing preterm delivery.
Cryoglobulinemia may appear and persist for several months, whereas circulating immune complexes are detectable for only a few weeks.
Inherited ichthyoses Inherited ichthyoses, which are characterized by excessive accumulation of scale on the skin surface, are classified according to clinical and genetic criteria (see table).
PROPOSALS Application of CTX-M and NDM-1 genes in combination with antibiotic susceptibility test to guide empirical antibiotic therapy for the treatment of serious infections caused by Eschierichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae, such as bloodstream infections.
Using Mc Nemar test, SPSS software, p < 0, 05 is statistically significant.
At Ho Chi Minh City Children's Hospital, besides other approaches of psychological interventions and psychotherapy, the Psychology Unit also applies Art Therapy for mental health care to child patients and their families.
MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 67: 33 - 38, 2018. doi: 10.15585 / mmwr. mm6701a7 Key Points Mumps causes painful enlargement of the salivary glands, most commonly the parotids.
SLC transporters include emerging clinically significant transporters called multidrug and toxin extrusion (MATE) transporters that contribute to the renal elimination of metformin and interactions of cimetidine with other drugs (2).
Group older 22 years old had higher rate of infection than group under 22 years old (1.80% vs 0.69%).
Wound dressing change procedure In this study, most of the steps in the wound dressing procedure were fully performed by nurses.
The number of hospitalizations had a trend to increase in the dry and rainy seasons due to the impact of PM2.5.
Background: Nutrition assessment is important in clinical medicine because malnutrition is a common clinical finding.
Then, lean backward, which will apply traction to the patient's arm.
While 10.1% patients had total thyroidectomy plus bilateral central neck dissection with 124.5 ± 22.16 minutes for the mean operative time.
If a new sitter is coming, having that person spend some time with the family before the actual day makes sense.
Abdominal pain was constant while hyperamylasemia was found only in 57.5% patients.
Right-sided diverticulitis Right-sided colonic diverticulitis may clinically mimic appendicitis or cholecystitis, though the patient's history is generally more protracted.
INTRODUCTION Herpes zoster-HZ (Shingles) is a common disease among viralskin diseases, caused by Varicella Zoster Virus.
For effective analgesia, the dose should usually be > 600 mg orally 3 times a day, and many patients need a higher dose.
Because of society's stigma against obesity, many adolescents with obesity have a poor self-image and become increasingly sedentary and socially isolated.
Bronchoscopy should be performed in complex cases of esophageal atresia to avoid missing these deformities.
Methods: 84 patients with successful ablation in the right ventricular outflow tract (RVOT) (n = 68) and left ventricular outflow tract (LVOT) (n= 16) was.
Prevalence of undiagnosed asthma was estimated at high level.
Conclusions: Increased blood glucose and HbA1c occurred in acute stroke patients with high rates, in which stress hyperglycemia did not depend on diabetes mellitus before stroke.
Molecular grouping is also part of the diagnostic evaluation, and treatments are evolving based on these groups.
The test samples were frozen at - 700 ° C if they were not used immediately.
Treatment is with topical or sometimes oral antifungals.
The neck-shaft angle was restored to normal in 76.67%.
Rim calcification Peripheral rim calcifications can be complete or incomplete.
dirus develops mainly in rainy season.
The most common age group was 12 months to 5 years.
Adolescents often have difficulty seeking and following health care advice and need particular help with treatment adherence.
If PBC is suspected, liver tests and tests to measure serum IgM (increased in PBC) and AMA should be done.
Laboratory tests for acute hepatitis A, B, and C viruses, as well as some other viruses (eg, cytomegalovirus, Epstein-Barr virus, herpes simplex virus), are done to determine whether a virus is the cause.
Materials and methods: a prospective study enrolled 58 patients required thoracic aortic surgery.
Treatment of recurrent or resistant cases varies and includes higher corticosteroid doses, aerosolized cyclosporine, and ATG.
Methods: We included patients with a prenatal diagnosis of tetralogy of Fallot between January 2014 and June 2017 at Heart Institue, Ho Chi Minh city and follow up these patients until June 2018.
These results, cryopreservation can satisfy standards for clinical usage In summary, the thesis is a scientific work with the research results have new contributions, significance in the field of stem cell research in Vietnam, in which the results of successful differentiation mesenchymal stem cell into osteoblast, the results of cryopreservation medium cell without serum are new contributions.
Stool impaction can be relieved by a variety of regimens and agents.
Epidemiologic features of poisoning in emergency department of children hospital n0 1 from 1stjune 2001 to 31 may 2002
Treatment of subcutaneous fat necrosis is with a low-calcium formula; fluids, furosemide, calcitonin, and corticosteroids are used as indicated by the degree of hypercalcemia.
Conclusion: To sum up, during the past 11 years, with lithotripsy Kehr tunnel at Binh Dan Hospital, complications, clinical disorders after lithotripsy at the time of discharge is relatively small, and this is still a treatment of biliary stones deserved attention.
Ca Dong is a relatively small ethnic minority in Phuoc Tra commune, Hiep Duc district, Quang Nam province.
A cross-sectional study using Otoacoustic Emissions (OAE) for hearing screening was conducted in infant in Tay Nguyen Regional General Hospital.
Trichotillomania (Hair-Pulling Disorder) By Katharine Anne Phillips, MD, Weill Cornell Medical College; Dan J Stein, MD, PhD, University of Cape Town Reviewed / Revised Jun 2023 View Patient Education Symptoms and Signs Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Trichotillomania Trichotillomania is characterized by recurrent pulling out of one's hair resulting in hair loss.
The pathogen of septicemia and antibiotic resistance trends from 2008 to 2012 at cho ray hospital
Treatment of Paracoccidioidomycosis Itraconazole (See also Antifungal Drugs.)
Inadequate treatment risks relapses and additional vision loss.
Mean age of the patients was 33.3 ± 7.6 years.
A quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR) to confirm the diagnosis and quantify the microfilarial burden is available at the Laboratory of Parasitic Diseases, National Institutes of Health.
On plain radiography, we found out 38% of patients having focal loss of trabecular pattern or marrow radiolucency, 22% of them having loss of cortex with bony erosion and 28% of them having air in the soft tissues.
96.15% of patients increased CRP, 100% of patientsincreased Procalcitonin, and 86.46% increased leukocytosis and neutrophils.
The correlation between the IELTs scores and EMR is statistically significant.
In the US, transmission has occurred when people who were infected in endemic areas had adult T solium in their intestines, then contaminated food with their stool.
Adequacy of fluid replacement can be assessed by reduction in hematocrit and blood urea nitrogen levels over the first 24 hours, particularly if they were high at the onset.
Other chiropractors reject this notion to various degrees; some of them restrict themselves to evidence-based musculoskeletal treatments.
The complete ablation of group 1 and group 2 was 61.1% and 84.0, respectively, with significant difference (p = 0.048). The complete ablation of group 3 and group 4 was 48.1% and 66.7%, respectively, without significant difference (p = 0.18).
The ecology and biology of dengue vector in industry zones
Assessment of association between non-HDL cholesterol with carotid atherosclerosis on ultrasound in type 2 diabetes mellitus
Background: Flank surgery causes adhesions that may render subsequent laparoscopic access and dissection in laparoscopic nephrectomy problematic. Purpose: We study the possibility of using laparoscopy to perform nephrectomy in patients with previous flank surgery. Materials and methods: Case-series report.
Diagnosis of Toxic Shock Syndrome Clinical evaluation Cultures Diagnosis of toxic shock syndrome (TSS) is made clinically and by isolating the organism from blood cultures (for Streptococcus) or from the local site.
Then the chiral derivative N-allyl of cis - (+) - 4 - (3, 4-dimethoxyphenyl) hexahydrophthalazinon was synthesized, determined the structure and evaluated of the biological activities.
Papillary thyroid microcarcinoma (PTMC) is defined as a papillary thyroid cancer measuring less than 10 mm in its greatest diameter.
The treatment results were not good in the npCOPD (10.6%) than in the pECOPD (28.7%).
Patients with hypervascular tumors may benefit from preoperative embolization, reducing surgical morbidity by minimizing blood loss and shortening operative time.
Results: The percentage of popular clinical symptoms were: facial swelling, deformed face: 97.8%, restricted mouth opening: 91.1%, bleeding, nasal congestion: 88.9%, tenderness on palpation at fracture site: 86.7%, break in the continuity of bone: 75.6%, occlusal derangement: 62.2%, maxillofacial soft tissue injuries 60%.
Conclusion: Using trans cranio-facial aproach make comfortable operation field, save for tumour resection in the anterio skull base area, avoid many comlication, expecially to incease ability of tumour denuded thoroughly in comparision with convetional cranio approach.
Objective: To evaluate the results of C1C2 fixation using Harm's technique at the Department of Neurosurgery - 108 Military Central Hospital.
Avian influenza virus can spread rapidly from one farm to another through mechanical mechanisms by means of transport, clothing, footwear,...
Subjects and methods: 99 type 2 diabetes patients managed outpatient at Huu Nghi hospital were surveyed in a cross-sectional study using a telephone interview.
Keywords: persistent diarrhea, cows milk protein allergy, lactose intolerance
The convertion rate to open surgery was 3/12 cases.
Bend involved knee and loop towel or band around the ankle.
Abnormal connection of the left partial pulmonary vein to the Innominate vein: by the way a clinical case and review of the medical literature
Background: Chronic tonsillitis is a frequent, recurrent inflammation of the palatine tonsils.
Results: A total 140 patients had mean age of 4.4 ± 1.6 months, male 55.7%, rural area 55.0%, underweight 7.9%, exclusively breastfed 35.7%, diarrhea < 7 days (81.4%).
In the chronic stages, colitis simulating Crohn disease may cause tenesmus and strictures in the rectum or pain due to inflamed pelvic lymph nodes.
The median of duration from ingestion to emergency department was 4.5 hours.
Gastro-intestinal (GI) bleeding accounted for 45.1% where 14.3% needed blood transfusion of more than 20ml / kg/24hrs.
Secondary brain ischemia may affect the RAS or both cerebral hemispheres, impairing consciousness.
58.3% bleeding and / or necrosis was inside the tumors and 75% hydroencephalus accompanied.
As a result, the pouch can hold much less food, patients eat more slowly, and satiety occurs earlier.
Thus, nasal air emission and hypernasality are two main features in cleft palate patients with velopharyngeal insufficiency.
A nephrotoxic study in patients using colistin at the ICU – Nghe An general friendship hospital
Additionally, those who had achieved the target blood pressure were97.3%.
Biologic agents such as interferons and tumor necrosis factor inhibitors have been effective in selected patients unresponsive to other therapies.
Patients with borderline QT intervals suspected of having LQTS should have exercise testing, because some abnormalities appear only during exercise.
Paraclinical indicators - All patients were tested at the time of admission.
Recognition of general diagnostic patterns can expedite the diagnosis (see table Characteristics of Common Anemias).
Where to inject the tracer in patients with endometrial carcinoma has been controversial.
The study finds out that besides achieved results, the hospital is facing some difficulties in improving the quality of its civil servants. For example, the hospital's human resource planning process is not scientific, the hospital's recruitment policies are not appropriate, and the hospital's employee motivation policies are not innovated.
Showed that 47% of the tested samples had been contaminated by Coliforms, 8.3% of the samples has been contaminated by E coli and 10% of the samples has been contaminated by S aureus.
Conclusion: the prevalence of HPV infection in penile cancer patient is relatively small with HPV 16 being predominant.
To describe the status and some factors related to the asthma and cotton dust-induced asthma allergy among workers in Nam Dinh textile and garment factories in 2016.
Investigation of 1,5-anhydroglucitol concentration in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus
Hemangioma of large size is still benign in nature.
Lactose-intolerant patients must take calcium supplements (1200 to 1500 mg / day).
The most of them were over 40 years-old (81%), female more than male (1, 7 times).
87.6% had osteoporosis and 12, 4% had osteopenia.
The clinical entity was moderate to severe degree in the majority of cases.
Elbow flexion recovery Table 3.7.
The study of the Dyslipidemia in patients suffering from strokes in Stroke Centre of Central Military Hospital No.108
Intramural hematoma is seen in trauma and treatment with anticoagulation.
Background: In 2005, Wijdicks and colleagues proposed a new coma scale, the Full Outline of Unresponsiveness (FOUR) scale.
Patients and method: Uncontrolled clinical interventional study including 38 patients with stage IB-IIIA non-squamous NCSLC who had radical surgery at the K hospital and received 4 cycles of pemetrexed-carboplatin adjuvant treatment between January 2020 and May 2022.
Conclusion: Gefitinib or Erlotinib was an effective option for first line treatment for old patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer and EGFR mutations positive.
Results: 450 workers were included in the study.
A bone scan and GI evaluation, can also be helpful in cases where the diagnosis requires confirmation.
Tetracycline and minocycline are excreted primarily in urine.
What does the research say?
The notes of clinical radiological fracture manidble treated with screw for own band
Breast budding (see figure [7]) and onset of the growth spurt are usually the first changes recognized.
If porphyria is suspected, the urine is analyzed for PBG using a rapid qualitative or semiquantitative determination.
This condition effect on diagnosis and treatment of LT and surgical diseases.
Optivantage DH electric syringe (Mallinckrodt, USA).
Background: Childhood nephrotic syndrome may be secondary from chronic HBV infection.
To evaluate the quality of life and identify related factors in elderly cataract patients at District 8 Hospital.
Keywords: Health-related quality of life, liver transplant, SF-36.
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is becoming one of the major public health problems worldwide due to its high morbidity and mortality rates.
The membranes are composed primarily of a bimolecular lipid matrix, which determines membrane permeability characteristics.
Conclusions: Storage phase: (1) Mean bladder compliance 10.68 ml / cmH20, 61% children had reduced bladder compliance.
The primary result of research on the serum homocysteine and vitamine b12 concentration in elderly patients with hypertension.
Results: As of SEANUTS results, the rate of child underweight in urban areas was 10.8%, in rural was 20.8%.
Continence rate was 80% (4/5 cases) by 3 months.
The mortality rate was 51.6%, the most common primary site of infection was respiratory 29.1%, followed by the GI tract 25.7%, the urinary tract 16.1%.
The ESR is typically > 60 mm / hour.
Characteristics of cryptococcal sepsis in patients hiv/aids treated at the hospital for tropical diseases - hcm city in 2005-2006
The early results of robotic surgery for pancreatic and hepatobiliary diseases at binh dan hospital
Knowledge and attitude were not statistically significantly associated with students' HBV prevention practice.
The WHO classification is based on a combination of clinical, morphologic, immunophenotypic, and genetic features.
Some polyphenol compounds are isolated from the trunks of Chieu Lieu Cuom tree (Xylia xylocarpa)
Every health system in an economically developed society is faced with the need to decide (either formally or informally) what proportion of the communitys total resources should be spent on health-care; how resources are to be apportioned; what diseases and disabilities and which forms of treatment are to be given priority; which members of the community are to be given special consideration in respect of their health needs; and which forms of treatment are the most cost-effective.
Researching on the status of traffic accident patients in Tuy Phuoc district hospital, Binh Dinh province in year 2012
Normal jugular vein waves The a wave is caused by right atrial contraction (systole) and is followed by the x descent, which is caused by atrial relaxation.
The patient 4 had a residual rectourethral fistula causing a posterior urethral diverticulum. Conclusion: LAARP helps to achieve low dissection, give an excellent view of the fistula and of the pelvic structure, provides accurate placement of the rectum through the sphincter complex and minimizes abdominal and perianal scars.
Goal: Characteristics of respiratory-distress pneumonia of children aged 2 months to 5 years at Respiratory Department in the Children Hospital Nº 1.
Observational description study assesses the level of immune response against P falciparum using the IFA technique.
After one session, the reduction ratio was 71.9% (27 vessels remained).
Mild preoperative sedation with a benzodiazepine may be needed.
Transient cerebral edema occurred in the patient with sigmoid sinus ligation.
Key Points Modifiable risk factors for cataract include exposure to ultraviolet light; use of alcohol, tobacco, and systemic corticosteroids; and poor control of blood glucose.
Thus, the allele frequencies ADH1B * 1 and ADH1B * 2 in the study sample group were 25.5% and 74.5%, respectively.
Conclusions: Adolescents spent a lot of time in sedentary activities, especially in learning after school.
Comparision of hrt ii confocal scanning laser ophthamoscope and stratus optical coherence tomogroph for detection of glaucoma
Treatment of a metacarpal neck fracture is with a splint (eg, an ulnar gutter splint for fractures of the 4th or 5th metacarpal), usually for at least a few weeks.
100% of patient got a step decline.
Patient have weaned of PN after 16 months.
IV magnesium sulfate may cause lethargy, hypotonia, and transient respiratory depression in neonates.
Dynamic magnetic resonance imaging in the evaluation of pelvic floor disorders
Keywords: postpartum haemorrhage, uterine atony, uterine balloon tamponade, prospective longitudinal study
Results: The majority of patients were male, age was older than 50, cigarette related and stage IIB-IIIA diseases.
Alkaptonuria This rare autosomal recessive disorder is caused by homogentisic acid oxidase deficiency; homogentisic acid oxidation products accumulate in and darken skin, and crystals precipitate in joints.
The field of health geography is often overlooked, but it constitutes a huge area of need in the fields of geography and healthcare.
Because a bacterial central nervous system (CNS) infection is often difficult to exclude when patients who appear seriously ill present, empiric antibiotics are often given until bacterial meningitis is excluded.
Conclusion: With minimal bactericidal concentration by time determined, we can apply the silver nanoparticles for disinfection in the operating room, sterilizing instruments... with reasonable prices, easy to apply.
Eye examination The following are evaluated: Pupillary responses Extraocular movements Fundi Other neuro-ophthalmic reflexes Pupillary responses and extraocular movements provide information about brain stem function (see table Interpretation of Pupillary Response and Eye Movement).
This is referred that dental hygiene was being gradually improved after three visit times.
Satisfaction of patient about pain releif in the first 3 days after combined-bone surgery
Asymptomatic candiduria rarely requires therapy.
Results: The causes of shortcomings of current resources for health and health services could be found in the training environment and the reform of health care should start in medical schools.
These include pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC, which gives rise to ACTH), alpha - and beta-melanocyte-stimulating hormone (MSH), beta-lipotropin (β - LPH), the enkephalins, and the endorphins.
They used to be considered anxiety disorders but are now considered distinct because many patients do not have anxiety but have other symptoms instead.
Results: There is a good correlation between SpO2 and SaO2 with Pearson's correlation coefficient at 0.66 for all 230 patients.
The group of patients with LCOS improved pulse, blood pressure, cold extremities, urinary output 6 hours after surgery (p < 0.05).
Methods: A cross-sectional study surveying 256 medical records at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) and Respiratory Department in the period of 2018 - 2020.
In addition, metformin does not cause weight gain and may even promote weight loss by suppressing appetite.
Survey the clinical features of the regular wide QRS complex Tachycardia
Subjects and methods: An observational analytic study included acute paraquat poisoning patients were treated at Poison Control Center of Bach Mai hospital from 4/2015 to 5/2016.
It is defined as less-than-maximally-dilute urine in the presence of plasma hypo-osmolality (hyponatremia) without volume depletion or overload, emotional stress, pain, diuretics, or other drugs that stimulate vasopressin secretion (eg, chlorpropamide, carbamazepine, vincristine, clofibrate, antipsychotic drugs, aspirin, ibuprofen) in patients with normal cardiac, hepatic, renal, adrenal, and thyroid function.
Specimens should be allowed to grow for 3 to 4 weeks before being deemed negative and discarded.
The FOLFOX regimen compared with the CF regimen had less effect on the general condition, renal function and significantly less nausea, vomiting, and hair loss than the CF regimen.
Methods and participants: A case serial study was done at Cho Ray hospital, Ho Chi Minh City. Trauma patients who admitted Cho Ray hospital and deceased from 30/5/2015 to 31/12/2017 were enrolled.
Result was evaluated by objective standard: tear throught out the tract (Sniff test), and subjective standard: asking patient about epiphora.
- The study has provided a comprehensive picture of aplastic anemia in children at the National Childrens Hospital for 10 years (2008 - 2018) and the results of immunosuppression therapy with Antithymocyte globuline and Cyclosporine A combination for pediatric patients diagnosed with aplastic anemia but unable to receive hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Human disease is mainly limited to people who have HIV infection or another severe immunocompromising condition.
They (ie, some immunocompromised patients) cannot receive live-virus vaccines (eg, measles-mumps-rubella, varicella) and rely on herd immunity for protection against such diseases.
Immunosuppression, abnormal heart valves, dental surgeries or chronic diseases are common predisposing factors for blood infections by this group of bacteria.
However, hs-CRP concentration correlated favorablement but weakly with functional outcome (r = 0.375; p = 0.008). Conclusions: hs-CRP can be applied to support the prognosis of patients suffering from ischemic stroke.
Choroid plexus and echogenic foci in fetal heart are two frequent soft-markers detected in detailed ultrasound (46.4% and 34.5%, respectively).
Brugian filariasis is endemic in South and Southeast Asia. About 51 million people were infected as of 2018, and 40 million have been disfigured by the disease.
cough and shortness of breath were two common symptoms with 96.67% and 73.33%, respectively;
Working-posture analyzing by OWAS in the electronic company
Other forms of acne Pyoderma faciale is treated with oral corticosteroids and isotretinoin.
Because the precise time of symptom onset may not be known, clinicians must start timing from the moment the patient was last observed to be well.
Imaging methods, particularly magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), play a crucial role in diagnosis as well as guilding preoperative plan.
Conclusion: Empirical antibiotic treatment should start as soon as possible, as soon as the diagnosis is established and surgical planning.
Results: The mean score of nursing capacity at the Traditional Medicine Institute is 3.73 / 5 points, factors affecting nursing capacity such as seniority, number of participants in capacity building training at the Traditional Medicine Institute and outside the Traditional Medicine Institute, current department of work.
Subject and method: 122 patients with RA and 51 healthy subjects were examined for clinical characteristics, plasma CRP levels and serum TNF-α levels.
One case had a previous history of Graves' ophthalmopathy that was reported to be treated with glucocorticoids for 3 months and she was euthyroid till the onset of COVID-19.
Hemodynamic parameters CI, SVRI, SVI, SVV measured by 2 methods USCOM and PiCCO had tight and adequate correlation with r = 0.74 for CI, r = 0.83 for SVRI, r = 0.72 for SVI, and r = 0.67 for SVV.
Image courtesy of Marie Schreiner, PA-C. Compound Nevus A compound nevus is a well-demarcated brown papule.
The S wave is the 2nd downward deflection if there is a Q wave and the first downward deflection if not.
These studies are often repeated at scheduled intervals as the child grows to assess for deterioration of bladder and renal function.
The suitable conditions for the growth of S platensis were determined as: initial seed optical density (OD560nm) of 0.3; light intensity of 3500 - 4000 lux with lighting time of 16 hours / day; flow velocity 0.33 m/s.
Patients are given analgesics, if available, and the whole body is kept warm.
Conclusions: Isolated epimedin C was established as primary standard.
More than one-third of patients after an acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) were readmitted within 90 days.
Acute Peripheral Arterial Occlusion By Koon K Teo, MBBCh, PhD, McMaster University Reviewed / Revised May 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Treatment Key Points Topic Resources Cholesterol Crystal Embolization Peripheral arteries may be acutely occluded by a thrombus, an embolus, aortic dissection, or acute compartment syndrome.
The perpetrator may make victims think they are crazy (gaslighting) or make them feel guilty or responsible, blaming them for the abusive relationship.
Characteristics of nasal cavity tuberculosis through two cases
Mean length and diameter of CHA were 32.43 ± 8.49 mm and 5.40 ± 1.04 mm.
Background: Damage to ON is the serious complication of intranasal sinus surgery.
The data on the number, characteristics, and type of stent is retrospective.
46.7% of the patients have the ages from 21 to 30.
Patients allergic to sulfa drugs have a small risk of cross-reactivity to acetazolamide; a supervised trial of acetazolamide should be considered for these patients before they make a trip to altitudes remote from medical care.
Key Points The most common causes of neonatal bacterial meningitis are group B streptococcus, E coli, and L monocytogenes.
Maybe someday, scientists will develop devices for checking IDs by licking by your tongue.
The study results showed that the negative CRMwas 98.5%.
These and many other brain disorders that cause CP (and other manifestations) are being increasingly identified with genetic testing (eg, microarray analysis, CP spectrum disorders gene panel, whole exome sequencing analysis), which may be done to check for a specific disorder or to screen for many disorders.
Sudden death occurs in < 1%, most often resulting from ruptured chordae tendineae and flail mitral valve leaflets.
Euthyroid Sick Syndrome By Glenn D Braunstein, MD, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center Reviewed / Revised Aug 2022 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education Diagnosis Treatment Key Points Euthyroid sick syndrome is a condition in which serum levels of thyroid hormones are low in patients who have nonthyroidal systemic illness but who are actually euthyroid.
Dyspnea improves immediately and there is'nt any morbidity or mortality.
The prevalence of H pylori infection was still high, particularly in gastroduodenal ulcers and patients with an unknown medical history.
Knowledge and practice about prevention of hypertensive complications among patients in general hospital Quang Ninh province 2018
Use of contrast does not enhance it.
Conclusions: Sonography can be effective for evaluation of fibromesh and complication after mesh repair of inguinal hernias.
Ionizing radiation is emitted by radioactive elements and by equipment such as x-ray and radiation therapy machines.
The patient group with no epidural anesthesia, no drain after surgery, postoperative fluid restriction and early feeding stayed shorter than group of patient with epidural anesthesia, drainage, more than 2000ml of fluids after surgery and postoperative feeding later than 24 hour did.
Treatment is expensive and is therefore reserved for nonsmoking patients who have two abnormal alleles, mild to moderately abnormal pulmonary function, and confirmation of diagnosis by low serum alpha-1 antitrypsin levels.
Fever and digestive disorders were the 2 predominant signs.
Posterior part stayed stable, especially vertically. Anterior part tended to move backwards and upwards.
We used descriptive study to report a rare case: 87-year-old male patient with diagnosis of primary signet ring-like cell carcinoma of prostate in Hospital of Thai Nguyen University of Medicine and Pharmacy and review in the literature this tumor.
Subjects and Methods: Study on 245 patients who checked up in out patient Department at National Institute of Hematology and Blood Transfusion from April 15 to June 20 in 2017.
Clinical, paraclinical features and nasal cytology in patient with allergic rhinitis
The clinical symptom and tumor location were significant relations of histological grade (p < 0.05).
The top of the venous column is normally just above the clavicles (upper limit of normal: 4 cm above the sternal notch in a vertical plane).
Not all features may occur, so incomplete forms need to be considered.
After acute symptoms have stabilized, maintenance treatment is initiated; for it, the lowest dose that prevents symptom recurrence is used.
Even with treatment, mortality is high.
N Engl J Med 370 (1): 13 - 22, 2014. doi: 10.1056/NEJMoa1310753 Key Points Renal artery stenosis or occlusion may be acute (usually due to thromboembolism) or chronic (usually due to atherosclerosis or fibromuscular dysplasia).
Poor children are often stunted because long-term poverty and the resultant chronic poor nutrition affects their physical development.
Blue methylene solution may be infused into cutaneous branch artery (on fresh cadarvers) to determine area of blood supply.
Ipecac induces vomiting reducing the total food available for digestion and decreasing total caloric intake.
So clinical pharmacological interventions are necessary to contribute to ensuring safety and improving the quality of treatment.
Southeast Asian countries including Vietnam, have been affected by the influenza A / H5N1.
Study of preparation tablet containing paracetamol, aspirin, cafeine
Femoral and unusual hernias account for the remaining 10 to 15%.
Thermoregulatory sweat test: This test evaluates both preganglionic and postganglionic pathways.
There was no hospital mortality and no other serious complications.
Results: The results show that anthropometric indices (weight and height) were documented in more than 90% of patients; BMI was calculated in 68.4% of patients; nutrition screening (NRS) was performed in 81.5% of patients; nutrition assessment (SGA) was completed in 96.3% of patients at nutritional risk; intervention plans were documented in 68.6% of all records while the records without intervention plans were mostly (98.1%) in patients who were not nutritionally at-risk.
Thyroid volume based upon age increased in 80.9% of cases.
Conclusion: ICD provide efficacy and safety to prevent sudden cardiac death caused by threatening ventricular arrhythmias Keywords: implantable cardioveter defibrilator, overdriving, ATP one shot, shock, inappropriate shock, voltage storm
However, cases of Lamivudine resistance have been reported and the rate of Lamivudine resistance has been increased after long-term therapy. Objectives: Detect rtL180M and rtM204V / I Lamivudine-resistant mutants by Real-time PCR Methods: 50 serum samples were collected from chronic HBV infected patients who have been receiving an antiviral therapy with Lamivudine. Real-time PCR assay and sequencing were performed on these samples to detect rtL180M and rtM204V / I mutants. Results: There were 11/50 samples with rt180M mutations, 9/50 samples with rt204V mutations and 12/50 samples with rt204I mutations.
Mutation and carrier detection of congenital adrenal hyperplasia caused by 21-hydroxylase defficiency
Successful lung transplantation has been reported.
Results depend on initial bladder volume, but a peak flow rate of < 12 mL / sec with a urinary volume of ≥ 200 mL and prolonged voiding suggest outlet obstruction or detrusor underactivity.
BIOPHOTO ASSOCIATES / SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY In adults with acromegaly, coarse body hair increases, and the skin thickens and frequently darkens.
Patients may develop eczema vaccinatum after receiving the vaccine themselves or from physical contact with someone who received the vaccine.
Symptoms can be relieved by topical or systemic drugs.
All patients were evaluated by clinical symptoms, ankle - brachial index and lesion characteristic before and after the intervention to determine the initial success Results: Majority of lesions belong to TASC II C and D (78, 9%).
Keywords: Peritoneal Dyalysis, Nursing care, Cardiac Surgery, Intensive Care Unit.
Keywords: computed tomography, laryngeal endoscopy, laryngeal cancer.
The ALPSA lesions were rare causing the recurrent dislocations (0.6%) and half of cases were determined in MRA.
However, ICE is generally more expensive.
Conclusions: The percentage of collective kitchens meeting the standards of food safety in industrial zones in Bình Dương province in 2013 was quite low (50.5%).
Distinguishing P. falciparum reinfection-recrudescence for the patients in-vivo test treatment failures by artesunat and arterakin by polymearase chain reaction method
Children who are contaminated to lead, even at the low levels of exposure, can be affected on their health and intellect, impact significantly on themselves, their family and society.
Research subjects: 2.1.1 Criteria for selecting patients 2.1.2.
Muscle disorder at elbow was most often met at metal recycling group (46, 8%).
Change of Concentration Immunoglobulin E and G in Allergic Rhinitis Patients at Vietnam National Children’s Hospital
Small tumors have a greater percentage of actively dividing cells than do large tumors.
The study results were compared and discussed.
4.2.3 APRI index and thrombocyte value: Mechanism of HCV causing HCC is mainly indirect via cirrhosis.
In children, vomiting is more prominent than diarrhea, whereas in adults, diarrhea usually predominates.
Plain x-rays show primarily bone and thus are useful for diagnosing dislocations.
Common physical findings include bradycardia, low blood pressure, hypothermia, lanugo hair (soft, fine hair usually found only on neonates) or slight hirsutism, and edema.
Results: Patient's mean age was 54, 9; men / women was 2, 52/1.
Methods: A cross-sectional descriptive study was carried out by retrieving the data of 914 medical records of patients receiving HIV / AIDS treatment for at least 1 year at the Medical Center of District 1 in Ho Chi Minh City from 2006 to 2017.
Objective: Review the results treatment nonunion of the tibia and femur by application Ilizarov method with improved surgical technique and external fixation.
Methods: The study was conducted at University of Medicine and Pharmacy in Ho Chi Minh City.
Keywords: Rectal bleeding, infant, infection.
Conclusion: Food allergy has the most common clinical manifestations in the skin and digestive tract, especially after 6 months of age when children begin to eat solid foods.
After 6 weeks, patients were evaluated based on the mFIM instrument.
Conclusion: Lymphadenectomy in Laparoscopical surgery for right colon carcinoma obeyed the
Conslusion: The PAQ has reliability in determining the participation of primary school children in PA and SA, duration children took part in PA and SA, and their intensity level in participating PA in one week.
Both groups were similar in regard to patient age, cyst size and location, operation time, post-op stay and time of pain medication requirements.
Since then, in order to improve the quality of life of the patient, it is necessary to continue improving the condition of pain and fatigue for the patient during treatment.
Treatment is with antiplatelet drugs, anticoagulants, nitrates, statins, and beta-blockers.
Intermittent use of ice packs or warm sitz baths may reduce soreness and pruritus.
The "Input-Outcome" analysis relied on the WHO performance model.
This plant has been a frequently studied object in the field of scientific research, but the studies on the effect of the bitter leaf on blood cancer have not been conducted specifically.
Overall, 362 (43.3%) patients were diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Similar, although perhaps less dramatic, x-ray findings and symptoms occur in ileus (paralysis of the intestine without obstruction); differentiation can be difficult.
Applying the clip much easier and more quickly for surgeons, but the efficacy and safety of the new method were not determined.
Immunotherapy with programmed death receptor 1 (PD-1) antibodies (pembrolizumab and nivolumab) lengthens survival.
Daptomycin is inferior to ceftriaxone for pneumonia, presumably because daptomycin can bind to pulmonary surfactant, reducing daptomycin 's activity in the alveolar epithelial lining fluid.
Chỉ tiêu về thời gian sống và hệ số tương quan - Total survival time - Pearson correlation coefficient (r) - Relationship analysis 2.2.6.
These nasal deformities appear in many anatomical subunits of their nose with diverse morphology, at different degrees.
Diagnosis is clinical; CT and cultures (obtained endoscopically or through sinus puncture) are done mainly for chronic, refractory, or atypical cases.
Results of manual small incision cataract surgery and phacoemulsification for the treatment of cataract
The effective index of changing breast examination skills reached 651.8% (p<0.05).
The change in QoL is significant.
96.2% of patients have 1 - 4 diseases coordination, hypertension (62.3%), chronic bronchitis (50%), arrhythmia (41.5%).
PREDICTING CHOLERA IN HANOI WITH POSSION DISTRIBUTION The current trend shows that climate and weather are making profound changes due to the negative impact of humans and nature.
CAVI tends to increase gradually by age group and duration of diabetes.
Describe dietary intake in patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at Bach Mai hospital.
A CPC score of 2 is indicative of moderate cerebral performance (patient is conscious, able to do activities of daily living [ADLs] and work in a simple environment).
Unwanted, intrusive, spontaneous genital arousal (eg, tingling, throbbing) occurs, without any sexual desire or subjective arousal..
Conclusion: it was beneficial to use gram stains of bronchoalveolar lavage fluids in the diagnosis of VAP in Pediatric intensive care unit.
See Pulmonary Air-Leak Syndromes for treatment of air-leak syndromes.
Diagnosis of Caustic Ingestion Endoscopy Because the presence or absence of intraoral burns does not reliably indicate whether the esophagus and stomach are burned, meticulous endoscopy is indicated to check for the presence and severity of esophageal and gastric burns when symptoms or history suggests more than trivial ingestion.
The average rotation value of the peduncle evaluated according to Nash-Moe before surgery was 3.62 degrees, reduced to below 1.2 degrees at the last follow-up time.
The validity of practical methods in estimating acute stage of brain injury to predict the emergent treatment and the prognosis of a person following AIS helps to reduce disability and mortality rate.
Results: 23 males (60.5%), 15 females (39.5%), average age was 54.9, average BMI was 24, symptoms of abdominal pain were 94.74%, and the advanced stage was recorded 76, 32%.
The FIRES trial showed that in patients with clinical stage I endometrial cancer, SLN mapping with indocyanine green (ICG) is highly accurate for the diagnosis of endometrial cancer metastases; it was recommended as a replacement for complete lymphadenectomy (8).
Objective Research characteristics and complications of elderly cardiac surgery to built a process of post operation care for elderly patient.
Keywords: Rat model of degenerative spine, amelioration of locomotor, bee venom acupunctures.
Contribute to research orbital apex and cavernous sinus syndrome related to disorder of otorhinolaryngology
Anisometropic amblyopia occurs in cases of an inequality of refraction between the two eyes, resulting in a different focus of the retinal images, with the image from the eye with the greater refractive error being less well focused.
Background: Surgical site infections (SSIs) are one of the most common causes of nosocomial infections; is about 20 - 25% of all nosocomial infections worldwide, which influence patients' health, prolong the length of hospital stay, increase health care cost, and increase the risk of mortality.
The treatment at local hospitals mostly were gastric lavage, use of activated charcoal and intravenous infusion.
After six months of intervention, weight and height in the intervention group increased 1.41 kg and 3.64 cm compared to 1.07 kg and 3.36 cm in the control group.
Research shows that the HTA is to know aboutblood pressure treatment, complications and ways of preventing disease, however with the right knowledge is not comprehensive, not equal.
Diagnosis of Neonatal Cholestasis Total and direct bilirubin Liver tests Tests for metabolic, infectious, and genetic causes Liver ultrasonography Hepatobiliary scan Occasionally biopsy of liver, operative cholangiography, or genetic testing (See also the North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition and the European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition's 2017 guideline for the evaluation of cholestatic jaundice in infants.)
Many of the antiarrhythmic drugs that can restore sinus rhythm (especially class Ia and Ic) can slow atrial flutter, shorten AV nodal refractoriness (by their vagolytic effects), or do both enough to allow 1: 1 conduction with paradoxical increase in ventricular rate and hemodynamic compromise.
Research population consisted of workers who were working directly and indirectly at Saigon - Soc Trang brewery. Sample size was all employees working in every parts of the plant.
Preliminary identification of 40 strains have antioxidant activity, obtained 17 strains of 9 species are considered safe for use.
Enzyme supplements should be an adjunct to, not a substitute for, dietary restriction.
Presumably, antigens in these agents cross-react with antigens in the peripheral nervous system, causing an immune response (cellular, humoral, or both) that culminates in varying degrees of myelin dysfunction.
Validity of serum albumin and prealbumin in adult nutrition screening
Characteristics of neonatal dengue hemorrhagic fever at binh duong ogbyn & pediatric’ s hospital
A typical initial dose is 65 mg of elemental iron (eg, as 325 mg of ferrous sulfate) given once a day or every other day (1).
A 21q21q translocation chromosome, which occurs when the extra chromosome 21 is attached to another chromosome 21, is much less common.
Degree of kidney injury according to modified AAST classification (2011).
Cushions may be inflatable or made of silicone, foam, or gel.
Etiology of Burns Thermal burns may result from any external heat source (flame, hot liquids, hot solid objects, or occasionally, steam).
If the patient is old enough to cooperate, ask him to relax and take slow deep breaths as you continue to apply steady pressure.
Conclusion: The nature of foreign bodies, the environment in which the trauma occur have a direct effect on clinical progress and characteristics of patients suffering from trauma with intraorbital foreign bodies.
In this mini review, we present the most frequently performed interventional procedures of the genitourinary tract, with their main indications, contraindications and some illustrative examples.
The extra chromosome is almost always maternally derived, and advanced maternal age increases risk.
Job satisfaction exploration among nurses in the University Thai Nguyen hospital
Because a leg prosthesis is intended only for ambulation, patients should remove it before going to sleep.
The stent-graft for repairing the arterial aneurysm and the percutaneous angioplastic stenting for arterial stenosis are the minimally invasive surgery that their applications become worldwide nowaday in place of the opened surgery.
Some spacers alert patients if they are inhaling too rapidly.
5 - 10 cm involvement Diverticulitis, Crohn's disease and ischemia usually present as a somewhat longer segment of involvement.
It enhances the quality of treatment with low rate of complications and short hospital stay.
As a result, a new version of POS has been developed, called the Integrated Palliative Care Outcome Scale - IPOS.
Injectable vaccines provide less protection for shorter periods of time with more adverse effects and are not recommended when an oral vaccine is available.
Breast-fed more than 30 minutes after birth, maternal restricted diet during lactating period, less maternal time for child caring (<2h / day) were found to be the risk factors of malnutrition (p<0, 05).
Magnetic resonance imaging 1.3.3.
Rapid or uncontrolled application may cause the adhesive to run, occasionally inadvertently gluing adjacent structures or material.
Sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen, ragweed, or house dust mite allergen extracts can be used for allergic rhinitis when it is induced by these allergens.
However, the data about this test in a patient with chronic coronary syndromes undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention is limited.
There are significant differences in the proportion of students getting injuries between age groups, learning capacity of student and the places of injuries. Conclusion: The results will basis to help either the schools or the health organizations to give health education programmers as well as school injury prevention programmers more and more effective.
Some patients present with cirrhosis or its complications (eg, portal hypertension).
The lungs, gastrointestinal tract, or CNS may be involved.
Venous system: Deep venous thrombosis can affect the lower extremities mostly when granulomatosis with polyangiitis is active.
Objective: Describe surgical technique in recipients from living donor in kidney transplantation at Hospital 103.
Radiofrequancy ablation in treatment of supraventricular tachycardia in children
Trismus, the inability to open the mouth, may indicate temporomandibular disease (the most common cause), pericoronitis, systemic sclerosis, arthritis, ankylosis of the TMJ, dislocation of the temporomandibular disk, tetanus, or peritonsillar abscess.
Polysomnography is typically done in a sleep laboratory; home sleep studies are now commonly used to diagnose obstructive sleep apnea, but not other sleep disorders (1).
Conclusion: the COPD patients with previous lung TB had showed stage III and IV of COPD and impaired lung function more than in COPD patients without previous lung TB.
Inadvertent contact of the trephination device with the nail bed is painful but does not cause enough damage to produce nail deformity.
Age was obviously related to the uroflowmetry at 6 months after surgery, but was not obviously related at 12 months after surgery.
Key words: Epilepsy, Toxoplasma gondii
The characteristic of pattern reveal-visual evoked potential among patient with pituitary tumor
Conclusion: STAT1 and STAT3 are important and potential biomarkers in early HCC diagnosis.
Attendance "Safety in hospital training course" is associated with good attitude and practice in nurses (p=0.04).
However, if intraamniotic infection is absent, heart rate returns to baseline as these conditions resolve.
Methods: A cross sectional survey; 776 PW, 711 lactating women and 644 children under 5 years old were weighted, and collected fasting blood to analyze, Hb, feritin & CRP.
Time decided to use PG F2α after other uterotonic drugs from 6 to 47 minutes and time uterotonic effect from 8 to 26 minutes.
Objectives: This study aimed to identify the characteristics of the mothers associated with the severe acute malnutrition.
Urea excretion in the urineincreased during the first 3 days then decreased Conclusion: an increase in metabolism in the early days of patients with severe traumatic brain injury.
However, in contrast to left-sided valvular regurgitation, there is no robust way to discern when the RV is starting to decompensate.
The results showed a significant improvement on clinical and laboratory criteria evaluating MODS at the time of pre-CRRT and post-CRRT.
Collect the precipitate and then remove the salt by dialysis.
The contribution of the thesis Anesthesia for tracheal resection and reconstruction (TRR) is a challenge for the anesthesiologist, because of the dangerous and complex surgery.
Hyperammonemia can develop in infants, causing lethargy, twitching, and generalized seizures.
Neurotransmitters thus facilitate rapid communication between neurons by changing the firing of the action potential.
Type 2 acute MI accounting for 13.4% ratio.
Conclusions: Factors of implant design and crown-to-implant ratio affected peri-implant bone loss.
Our study shows that this somewhat special entrapment neuropathy should be taken into consideration in Viet Nam.
To determine the correlation of clinical macroscopic and invasive characteristic of rectal cancer.
Drugs Drugs can cause itching as an allergic reaction or by directly triggering histamine release (most commonly morphine, some IV contrast agents).
The diagnosis is mainly based on the demonstration of postoperative polyuria (>200 - 250 ml / hour for 2 consecutive hours), urinary SG <1.005, urine hypoosmolality (<200 mmol/l).
Stone clearance rate 86.2%.
Iron chelation is usually necessary.
Whilst anemia is known to cause heart failure; heart failure may also frequently cause anemia.
This test is highly sensitive and specific.
Anosmia may be an early symptom and thus a clue to COVID-19, caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2).
Both of them were breastfed and the mother's colostrum sample were negative for HBsAg.
Results: The suitable chromatographic conditions for separation of diacefyllin diphenhydramine and theophylline were obtained using a stainless steel column (250 x 4.6 mm), packed with octadecylsilane bonded to porous silica (5 µm); mobile phase: a mixture of 10 volumes of acetonitrile and 90 volumes of formic acide 1% in isocratic mode as mobile phase; flow rate of 1 ml per minute, injection volume of 10 µl; column temperature at 40 oC and detection wavelenght at 274 nm.
The most common are toxoplasmosis, herpes simplex virus (HSV), and varicella-zoster virus (VZV).
In the group CYPs: CYP1A1 and CYP2D6 is a key role in the activation of carcinogens.
Risks for major depressive disorder and its relating factors among first year students at Medical Technology Unit of Hai Duong Medical Technical University
Occasionally, infection causes cardiomyopathy, nephropathy, or encephalitis.
Results: All 32 of the patients achieved postoperative bony union uneventfully at a mean time of 13 months (range, 10 - 20 months).
Factors influencing lower reproductive tract infections among female workers of ba ria rubber company.
Conclusion: The osimertinib regimen is highly effective and safe in the second-line treatment of stage IV non-small cell lung cancer.
Keywords: Positions in newborn infants, preterm.
Using BACTEC 9020 machine of Becton Dickinson - USA and identification of bacteria by Bio Merieux's Vitex II Compact system - France to determine the agent causing sepsis.
Prospective study, controlled clinical intervention on 75 patients with cervical spondylosis with neck pain, divided into 2 groups including 38 patients (study group) treated with electro-acupuncture, acupressure massage combined with hot compresses of HV poultice, and 37patients (controlgroup) were treated with electro-acupuncture and acupressure massage.
A poor clinical response (eg, fever persisting > 72 hours) suggests a resistant organism or an obstructive lesion and warrants urgent evaluation with ultrasonography and repeat urine culture.
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: It's Not Just About Fertility.
Keywords: epidural analgesia in labor, Bupivacain
TURP is a safety operation with minimum complication, the day in hospital is short and the general results are good.
Diagnosis of Ehlers-Danlos Syndromes Clinical criteria Confirmatory genetic testing Echocardiography and / or other vascular imaging to screen for cardiovascular complications Most but not all types of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome involve one or both of the following: Joint hypermobility Skin hyperextensibility Thus, diagnosis of Ehlers-Danlos syndromes may be suspected in patients who present with complaints such as frequent joint dislocations, poor wound healing, and / or frequent or unusual scarring.
Dynamic testing of the gonadal axis is rarely indicated in adults and is rarely helpful in distinguishing gonadal axis deficiencies and delayed puberty in adolescents.
The patient group with preoperat ive chemoradiotherapy have better survival functions than the group with surgical treatment only, however, the difference is not statistically significant.
Lesions of the skin and nails are noted, as is muscular atrophy on the dorsum of the hand between the metacarpals, and on the palm, particularly the thenar eminence and hypothenar eminence.
The accuracy of each diagnostic method on pretherapeutic staging was analyzed.
Materials and Methods: 36 patients undergoing thoracic surgery at Thu Duc hospital, from March 2015 to March 2016.
These results reflect that counter-regulatory components of the RAAS are accelerated in hyperthyroidism that could contribute to regulate cardiac hypertrophy in response to thyroid hormone [43].
However, a noticeable increase in tenderness in one localized area (point tenderness) suggests a sprain (or fracture).
Purpose: to initially assess hearing loss and examine the association between work on board submarine and hearing loss among submariners.
To achieve the sniffing position, folded towels or other materials may need to be placed under the head, neck, or shoulders, so that the neck is flexed on the body and the head is extended on the neck.
Keywords: Small bowel Liposarcoma, Intussusception.
Missing teeth may cause cosmetic, phonation, and occlusal problems and may allow movement of remaining teeth.
Scars are areas of fibrosis that replace normal skin after injury.
Results showed that 6 months of treatment had significantly reduced in mLoSSI index than base point (from 8.0 ± 4.7 to 3.47 ± 3.3, p <00, 5) and also significantly decreased in LoSDI index (11.4 ± 7.1 to 10.2 from ± 6.3, p <0.05).
This preliminary result is very encouraging and comparable with other studies
Subject and method: A cross-sectional description of 93 patients with Japanese encephalitis admitted to the Department of Infectious Diseases at National Children's Hospital from June 2nd, 2018 to September 2nd, 2019.
Symptoms and Signs of Malignant Hyperthermia Malignant hyperthermia may develop during anesthesia or the early postoperative period.
How To Insert a Laryngeal Mask Airway By Bradley Chappell, DO.
Following - up 28 patients after 6 months of steroid treatment: the rate of completely remission, infrequent relapse and frequent relapse were 67.8%, 25% and 7.2% respectively, there was no signifficant difference about urinary suPAR / creatinine ratio among three groups.
Results: all 06 patients were male with an average age was 34 (from 25 to 58), the average follow-up time was 19, 4 months.
Peptic esophageal ulcers cause the same type of pain as gastric or duodenal ulcers, but the pain is usually localized to the xiphoid or high substernal region.
Keywords: Pancreatic tumor, whipple, Frantz's tumor, solid pseudopapillary tumor of the pancrease, inflammatory myofiroblastic tumor.
Bed rest and leg elevation are helpful for leg erysipelas.
The results suggest that efforts should be made to simplify the therapeutic regimen (fewer drugs, fewer daily frequency of drug use) to improve patients' adherence.
Uncommonly, nephrotic syndrome may persist after resolution of severe disease.
All patients must be asked gently but directly about suicidal ideation, plans, or activity.
Hendrickx et al. [66] also showed similar results when studying the sevoflurane concentration installed in the evaporation flask in LFA 0.5 and 1 L / min to maintain Et sevoflurane in operation 1.3%. Their reuslts showed that sevoflurane in evaporation flask in group 0.5 L / min was significantly higher than that in group 1 L / min with p <0.05 (2.8% and 2%).
In summary: Acute diarrhea in children was the common disease in children under 3 year olds that rotavirus was mainly caused of the disease.
Result: 100% of patients were male.
Both dextrans and hydroxyethyl starch may adversely affect coagulation when > 1.5 L is given (2).
Symptoms and Signs of Dehydration in Children Symptoms and signs of dehydration vary according to degree of deficit (see table) and by the serum sodium level.
It is a mesenchymal dysplasia of the cortex that may be linked to a random MAP2K1 gene mutation.
- Thesis is valuable for training medical doctors, nurses, midwives and usefull contributors for community to early screen from infancy in all health facilities services Obstetrics, Pediatrics, Vaccination centers from central to local levels.
Study on changes in blood sodium when carrying out TURP abroad Creevy (1947) was the first to report a hemolytic syndrome resembling water intoxication during PROSTATE endoscopy with irrigating solution 6 sterile water.
Results: A total of 87 samples were analyzed, there are 56 positive HPV cases, the genotypes were recorded in 27/56 cases (48.22%) belonging to "high risk" HPV group, 14/56 cases (25%) "low risk" group, 4/56 cases (7.16%) multi-type of high risk group were infected, while the remain 11/56 cases (19.64%) were unidentified risk.
- To determine cut - off value of GLS in predictor of mortality.
Group I (n=39) received 10mg of bupivacain, group II (n=39) received 7, 5mg of bupivacain, group III (n=39), and group IV (n=38) received 25μg of fentanyl and 10μg of fentanyl respectively with 4mg of bupivacain.
Results: The verbal analogue pain scores of Bscpb were low during 24 hours after surgery with VAS 0.38 - 3.1 vs 2.66 - 4.76 in control group.
Wounds should not be blindly probed; blind probing is unreliable and may cause further injury.
Neonatal outcomes are found in 2.4% (CI 95%: 0.9 - 4.2) including perinatal intervention (0.6%), emergency of pediatric transfer (2.1%), severe neonatal jaundice (0.9%), referral for treatment (0.9%).
The distance functional vision, defined as 8/10 or better without correction achieved in 61.9% eyes in the myopic group and 67.5% in the hyperopic group.
Determining the positive rate of mycobacterium tuberculosis and mycobacterium other than mycobacterium tuberculosis in the skin tuberculosis by polymerase chain reaction
Metabolic syndrome among chronic hepatitis c virus – infected subjects
Middle cerebral artery (MCA) occlusion stroke had signs: aphasia, neglect, motor deficits, loss of sensation in any part of the body and Conjugate Eye Deviation (CED - prévost's sign).
Outcome assessed in the postoperative recovery.
There was no difference between the prevalence of diabetes in men and in women.
Method: Performing an analyzed cross-sectional study in 42 healthy subjects and 60 psoriatic patients.
The incidence of high diabetes, complications of diabetes mellitus on the system Urology complex.
In some patients, especially children, the findings of MVP may be more noticeable after exertion.
However, mechanical ventilation should not be delayed until the patient is in extremis.
Secretory or stimulant cathartics (eg, phenolphthalein, bisacodyl, anthraquinones, castor oil, anthraquinones) act by irritating the intestinal mucosa or by directly stimulating the submucosal and myenteric plexus.
A study on rational use of cephalosporins for treatment pneumonia in children at the pediatrics department of Gia Rai town health center in 2021
Conclusion: Acne scar treatment by fractional CO2 laser is good results and safety.
Conclusion: Botulinum toxin microinjection is safe and effective for facial sebum reduction.
Patients with blood glucose ≥ 7 mmol / L, HbA1c ≥ 7%, total cholesterol > 5.2 mmol / L, triglyceride > 1.88 mmol / L had higher risk of retinourly with OR coefficient of 2.3, 2.5, 3.2, 2.0, respectively.
Intervertebral height and fusion status were assessed on X-ray and CT Scanner.
There was an association between chronic kidney disease and a number of factors, including age, duration of diabetes, abdominal obesity based on the ratio of waist to hips ratio, hypertension and anemia.
Samples of sputum samples had higher A baumannii (+) ratios than most other specimens (81.7%) and faculties contained intensive care unit had A baumannii (+) ratio higher than 3 times compare to other clinical departments, especially Resuscitation Department - with the highest rate of 30% Conclusion: Acinetobacter baumanii had caused hospital infections with a high rate, most of the isolates were multidrug-resistant, making the treatment became more difficult.
Chest x-ray findings of patchy or confluent alveolar consolidation usually indicate pulmonary edema.
Other methods are less applicable.
- The study was conducted for the treatment purpose without any personal interest or harm to the study subjects.
Health-related quality of life: The overall score was 81.88 ± 3.12, the lowest in the School domain (75 ± 5), the highest in the Social domain (87.22 ± 9.05).
Patients who fare well during a brief 1 - to 2-hour spontaneous breathing trial and who have favorable ABGs are good candidates for extubation.
The aim of this study is comparative the role of these questionnaires in screening COPD patient. Method: This is a cross - sectional descriptive study, carried out at Medical University Hospital based on free screening program.
Mean age was 48.
The inflammatory immune factors also increased again. Therefore, HbA1c level has been no longer improved as compared to that after 3-month treatment.
Bad environment of operating-theatre (37.2%), overload of patients (31.7%), bad care of post operation (29.0%) and bad habits (12%) were the main reasons not to use prophylaxis antibiotic and prolong the use of antibiotic.
Dietary intake of overweight or obese type 2 diabetic outpatientsat nguyen tri phuong hospital in 2015
This procedure can be applied properly for any eyelid tissue loss in length and height of lower eyelid.
Overview of Purine and Pyrimidine Metabolism Disorders By Matt Demczko, MD, Mitochondrial Medicine, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Reviewed / Revised Oct 2021 | Modified Sep 2022 View Patient Education More Information Topic Resources Purine Metabolism Disorders Purines are key components of cellular energy systems (eg, ATP, NAD), signaling (eg, GTP, cAMP, cGMP), and, along with pyrimidines, RNA and DNA production.
Clinical bleeding signs were: petechiae (80.7%), gastrointestinal hemorrhages (58.1%), and mucosal hemorrhage (51.6%).
Bones appear dense on x-rays, and cerebral calcifications are seen; renal tubular acidosis is present, and red blood cell carbonic anhydrase activity is decreased.
We need to know how these events cause changes in the body before we can understand if they cause heart attacks. But although it is tempting to believe that returning to work increases the risk of a heart attack, both Willich and the Italian researchers admit that it is only a partial answer.
Older children The most common cause is Acute viral gastroenteritis Nongastrointestinal infections may cause a few episodes of vomiting.
Comment on the use of platelets and the effectiveness of treatment on some diseases with thrombocytopenia at Thanh Nhan Hospital
Keywords: chronic myeloid leukemia, mutations resistance to Imatinib, ASO-PCR
Introduction: Hospital Dong Thap is the second degree's hopital having 620 beds with 90 surgery beds.
All of patients did not need to use opioid analgesics.
Evaluation of the treatment results of the oral cavity cancer stage III-IVA, B at National cancer hospital
The results show that the decision of midwives is influenced by five factors: (1) Behavioral control perceptions, (2) Subjective norm, (3) Attitudes, (4) Income, (5) Organizational culture.
+ Result evaluation: Levels of cytokines before and after treatment.
Results: Mean age of 34 patients arterial MI is 69 and venous MI is 52.
Collateral blood flow from the ulnar artery usually prevents significant ischemia.
The efficacy of induction therapy for adult acute lymphoblastic leukemia by calgb protocol
Sulfonamides enter breast milk, and use during breastfeeding is usually discouraged.
HIV related stigma was associated with sex, marital status, source of infection, having HIV positive family member, HIV clinical stage, ARV adherence, adverse events and support (social support and family support).
2.2.3 The time and the place of the study * The place of the study: Anesthesia-Recovery Department, Huu Nghi Hospital.
Aftercare for Orotracheal Intubation Using Video Laryngoscopy Obtain a chest x-ray to verify proper placement of the endotracheal tube.
Conclusions: PTRA is an applicable technique for treatment of renal artery stenosis in children with high percentage of technical and clinical success and safety without any significant complication.
The ulcer's locations often are duodenum bulb (94.7%) and canalis pyloricus (61.5%).
Objectives: Evaluate preliminarily analgesic activity of 3-amino-3-arylpropanoic acids.
Milroy disease is an autosomal dominant familial form of congenital lymphedema attributed to vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-3 (VEGFR-3) gene mutations and sometimes associated with cholestatic jaundice and edema or diarrhea due to a protein-losing enteropathy caused by intestinal lymphangiectasia.
Evaluation the efficacy of conjunctival limbal autograft procedure
GH replacement can probably be safely instituted at least 1 year after the successful completion of anticancer therapy.
Signs of invasive blood vessels: Sensitivity: 60.0%, specificity: 100%, accuracy: 95.7%.
Lesions vary depending on the depth of tissue at which the sweat duct is obstructed.
The age group over 59 years old had the highest rate of impaired fasting blood glucose (44.44%). This rate in the group of patients with BMI 23 was 71.43%.
Treatment sternum infection after the open heart surgery
A sleep study should also be strongly considered in these patients and in those whose history suggests sleep apnea.
Although patients with iron deficiency from other causes become anemic, patients with polycythemia vera have increased RBC production and thus even when iron-deficient initially have a normal hematocrit level but an elevated red cell count and microcytic RBC indices; this combination of findings is a hallmark of polycythemia vera.
Definition - Septic shock is considered a subtype of sepsis, in which circulatory and cellular metabolic abnormalities are severe enough to increase mortality (Sepsis-3, 2016).
When sufficient fluid accumulates in the ECF (usually > 2.5 L), edema develops.
Post-traumatic cutaneous meningioma: A case report and literature review
Patients with alcohol use disorder are treated empirically.
Under visualization, using either direct laryngoscopy or one of various types of video laryngoscopy, the ET tube is inserted into the mouth and directed into the trachea (orotracheal intubation).
Lancet 374: 1160 - 1170, 2009. doi: 10.1016/S0140 - 6736 (09) 61558 - 0 Evaluation of Children ≥ 2 Years With a Head Injury * Include agitation, somnolence, repetitive questioning, and slow response to verbal communication.
By chance two groups: Group A (Unimetric post - composite core) with 27 patients (30 teeth); Group BX.post
Echocardiography in acute pericarditis typically shows an effusion, which helps confirm the diagnosis, except in patients with purely fibrinous acute pericarditis in whom echocardiography is often normal.
A time-out technique, in which the child must sit alone in a dull place (a corner or room [other than the child's bedroom] that is not dark or scary and has no television or toys) for a brief period, is a good approach to altering unacceptable behavior.
The SF-36 quality of life score was 43.6 ± 11.2.
However, if patients have marked pain and swelling or spasm, the examination is typically delayed until x-rays exclude fractures.
Background: COVID-19 pandemic has influenced the economy and society and there are no specific treatments as well as vaccines so that complying with preventive practice COVID-19 is necessary.
Participation of private health sector in HIV/AIDS control in 4 provinces supported by Global Fund Project
Chelation should be supervised by an experienced toxicologist.
Describing some clinical and paraclinical characteristics in cirrhosis patients
3 cases of skin gnathostomiasis at hospital for tropical diseases in 2010
Vaginitis, foreign bodies, and trauma are common causes of vaginal bleeding before menarche; sexual abuse is a less common cause but, if suspected, requires prompt evaluation.
This difference may be due to the muscle layers division of the two different studies.
Results: There were 2 girls who underwent this kind of operation.
If done, diagnosis by culture requires demonstration of significant bacteriuria in properly collected urine.
Methods: Collecting data of emergency subtotal colectomy was performed from 2016 - 2019 on patients diagnosed with closed loop obstruction due to left colon cancer with or without ceacum rupture, ceacum necrosis.
Sympathetic ophthalmia has been estimated to occur in up to 0.5% of nonsurgical penetrating eye wounds and in about 0.03% of surgical penetrating eye wounds.
Conclusion: The attitude towards breastfeeding right after birth-giving of pregnant women is relatively good.
In contrast, the proportion of DHF diagnosed by the hospitals was nearly fourfold higher than that diagnosed by the WHO criteria (93.7% vs 26%).
Consult an ophthalmologist to arrange laser peripheral iridotomy for all patients with angle-closure glaucoma.
Conclusions: EAL and EBMT regimens can be consider as the options for H pylori eradication after failing with other first-line therapies.
Children with prolonged hearing loss may require appropriate therapy to ensure normal language development.
Study design Cohort descriptive, interventional, comparative research.
44 patients (97.8%) received transurethral stenting using a double-J ureteral catheter and 1 patient (2.2%) received percutaneous nephrostomy.
Reality of depressive disorder and social support need of mothers with under-six-month-old babies in Danang
Based on the above research results, the author provides some conclusions and suggests policies to improve income for farmers in Thai Nguyen province.
Cost in Clinical Decision Making The elements included in cost analysis are determined by the perspective of the analysis.
According to the International Classification of Headache Disorders (1, 2), the criteria for the diagnosis of medication overuse headache include Headache that occurs ≥ 15 days a month in a patient with a preexisting headache disorder Regular overuse of one or more medications taken for acute treatment of headache for > 3 months (medications include ergotamine, triptans, opioids, or mixed analgesics taken ≥ 10 days a month or a single nonopioid analgesic such as acetaminophen, aspirin, or another NSAID taken ≥ 15 days / month) No other headache type that better accounts for the clinical presentation Medication overuse headache must be differentiated from the primary headache disorder, which typically causes concurrent symptoms.
Fish bones, chicken bones, tooth picks, cocktail sticks
Nausea, vomiting, anorexia, diarrhea, confusion, amblyopia, and, rarely, xerophthalmia may occur.
Objectives: Describe characteristics of patients with OCA-ID associated hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis who were admitted at the Children 's Hospital N1 HCMC from May, 2013 to May, 2016.
Control group - No cardiovascular diseases when having clinical examination, normal results of ECG and echocardiography.
The prevalence for each of the individual metabolic abnormalities was 30, 7% for abdominal obesity; 15, 5% for hypertriglycerid, 19% for low HDLc level; 28, 5% for pressure and 9% hyperglycemic.
Two or 3 samples are collected for cytologic and bacteriologic processing.
Advance it into the nasopharynx, inspecting the eustachian tube opening in the lateral nasopharynx and the adenoid tissue on the posterior wall.
The analgesic effect and daily activities improvement of long-needle electro-acupuncture in treating lumbar intervertebal disc herniation
Attention to certain areas during examination can help detect commonly missed injuries (see Examination for Some Commonly Missed Fractures).
English summary: Objectives: To evaluate energy and nutrient intakes of immigrant workers in Hochiminh City.
Efficacy of ercp with sphincterotomy or papillary balloon dilation in the cbd stones therapy.
Risk outweighs potential benefit.
Although we may believe that this is the lady-like elegant way to sit, sitting this way cuts down circulation to your legs.
Telling family members about death, particularly unexpected death, requires planning and composure.
Should explain to strengthen cooperation in patient treatment.
The duration of effect was 4 - 6 months.
There were 30 female patients applied with IPL 570 - 950nm in treatment had no critical changes in the first 3 times, but last 10 continued and improved after 7 times in which 40% had reduction in redness.
In addition, some studies have also shown the role of cytokines, chemokines and circulating factors in the pathophysiology of INS.
Methods: A cross-sectional study was carried out in Can Tho City.
Conclusion: Repair engineering lumbar spine with manual treatment of lower back pain due to lumbar spinal degeneration is efficient, economic and good health the patients.
Methods: Cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted in 76 elderly patients with acute subdural hematomas treated at Thai Binh General Hospital between February and September 2020.
If untreated, severe hypoglycemia can cause seizures or even coma or death.
Research on eeg external attacks characteristics in patients with psychomotor epilepsy
Perinatal use of benzodiazepines also may cause neonatal withdrawal syndrome or toxicity (eg, apnea, hypothermia, hypotonia).
Materials and method: We studied 53 ASA physical status I-III were scheduled for replacement of the femoral head with spinal anesthesia with 9 mg bupivacaine heavy 0.5% combined 5 mcg sufentanil and 100 mcg morphine.
There are many ways for measuring visceral fat: waist circumference, abdomen untrasound, abdomen CT scan. We perform this study to determine correlate degree of visceral fat amount by waist circumference compared with that by abdomen untrasound and relation of these indexes with blood lipid indexes.
We observe the tibial nerve and posterior tibial vessels within the Tarsal Tunnel.
The thyroid hormones were significantly correlated with albuminemia.
Methods: The prospective, descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted on 54 patients with 59 BI-RADS 4 nonpalpable breast lesions, histiopathologic results were compared with US features at the Ho Chi Minh city Oncology Hospital from May 2018 to July 2019.
Atypical antipsychotics can help, but there is less evidence for their use.
Over age of 42 and unintentional weight loss are two factors suggesting the indication of upper gastrointestinal endoscopy to find out organic dyspepsia in dyspeptic patients.
Hepatitis C virus (HCV) is a single-stranded RNA flavivirus that causes acute viral hepatitis and is a common cause of chronic viral hepatitis.
Salt water mouth rinses (1/2 teaspoon of salt to 1 glass of warm water) may be soothing if the child is able to rinse without swallowing.
Low-level contamination from that accident was detected as far away as Europe, Asia, and even (to a lesser extent) North America.
Results: NIPS had intra-rater reliability with Kappa value = 0.49 - 1.0.
Consider vaginal delivery if mother and fetus are stable and pregnancy is at term.
Other antipruritics include camphor 0.5 to 3%, menthol 0.1 to 0.2%, pramoxine hydrochloride, and eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA), which contain equal parts lidocaine and prilocaine in an oil-in-water vehicle.
In the past, the diagnosis was often difficult with conventional techniques.
SSRIs used alone reduce the frequency of binge eating and vomiting, although long-term outcomes are unknown.
Would vaccination with the currently available COVID-19 vaccines be less effective in view of the rapid development of new strains of the SARS-CoV-2?
Results: Among 21 surgical cases, there are 09 men and 12 women, the youngest age is 18 years old, the oldest is 69 years old.
Topical estrogen, intravaginal prasterone (a DHEA preparation), or ospemifene (a selective estrogen receptor modulator [SERM]) may be useful in women with dyspareunia due to vulvar dystrophies, or genitourinary syndrome of menopause.
Metastatic disease is usually treated with radiation therapy.
Objective: describe the findings of renal lesions caused by blunt trauma.
Results: This study collected information from 310 patients at 2 departments (Medical examination and hospital pharmacy) of the Yen Phong general clinic, Bac Ninh province through questionnaire interviews.
Tetrahydrofolate is a necessary co - factor in the production of 1-carbon units, which are critical for the synthesis of thymidylate and purine nucleotides needed for DNA and RNA synthesis.
Keywords: deciduous teeth, low birth weight, tooth eruption
Survey on epidemic factors and clinical manifestations relatedto increasing intraocular pressure in contusion injuries
Children were interviewed face to face by questionnaire and were measured about weight, height.
VAS pain scores categorized according to Salley L Collens.
The trend of customers' choice for medical examination and treatment services at the Traditional Medicine and Pharmacy Institute in Ho Chi Minh City
Focal liver lesions > 1 cm in diameter can usually be detected by transabdominal ultrasonography.
Conclusion: HLA-DRB1 * 14: 54 was the most frequent allele in both PVand PF patients.
What is conversion disorder?
Treatment often involves reduction, followed by stabilization via surgery or an external device.
Nurses recorded vital signs, side effects during the first 48 hours.
Due to high risk of complications and recurrence, the extensive tumor should be treated by a multidisciplinary team and modern techniques.
Preoperative diagnosis and indications for surgery were based on guidelines of BCLC, APASL and Vietnamese Ministry of Health.
Key words: Impacted lower third molar, low - level laser therapy
Background: Ankles play an important rolesince the whole body weight is transmitted through this region, and locomotion depends on the stability of the ankle.
The principal indications of CVVH are septic shock and severe sepsis.
Brain MRI is required.
Conclusion: Angioembolization for bleeding organs is a safe, less invasive, effective method with a high success rate.
Exercise strengthens the heart so it can pump more blood out to the rest of the body with each beat.
Results: 56, 0% of subjects were breast-fed within an hour of life.
These action plans were assessed using the Matrix 5W of policy formulation.
Subject and method: A case-control study was conducted of 60 patients with AD and 30 healthy controls at HCMC Hospital of Dermato - Venereologyfrom October 2014 to May 2015.
Acyclovir is relatively nontoxic but can cause liver function abnormalities, bone marrow suppression, and transient renal failure.
There is no significantly difference between the depth from the skin to ligamentum flavum and the actual needle distance measured with a 95% limit of agreement. Conclusions: Ultrasound imaging of the lumbar spine is useful for doing spinal anesthesia in cesarean delivery.
Median operative time was 395 minutes.
The disease manifests mainly in the lymph nodes (59.3% in the lymph nodes alone, 37% in the lymph nodes with extranodal involvement).
The histopathology may differ slightly among tissues, for instance, typical storiform fibrosis is less commonly observed in lacrimal gland, parotid gland, and lung biopsies.
Lymphatics from the anal canal pass to the internal iliac nodes, the posterior vaginal wall, and the inguinal nodes.
X-rays may reveal signs of joint damage in patients with a long history of recurrent arthritis.
The present study was conducted to assess the role of procalcitonin level at early diagnosis (and prognosis) in patients with systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS) and sepsis.
